本文件按照 GB/T 1.1 一 202 久标准化工作导则第工部分:标准化文件的结构和起草规则的规定起惠。	This document is in accordance with the provisions of GB/T 1.1-2021 Standardization Work Guidelines Part 1: The structure of standardization documents and the drafting rules.	yes
本文件代替 GB 18030 一 2005 信息技术 ”中文编码字符集与 GB 18030 一 2005 相比,除结构调整和编辑性改动外,主要扩术变化如下:	This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology "Chinese coded character set compared with GB 18030-2005, except for structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main expansion changes are as follows:	yes
增加了本文件适用对象(见第 1 章)，	Added the applicable objects of this document (see Chapter 1)，	yes
在双字节编码区更改了 10 个竖排标点和8 个汉字构件所对应的 GB/I 13000 代码位置,并其除了 6 个重复编码的汉字构件和 9 个重复编码的汉字( 见附录 D,2005 年版的附录A)，	The GB/I 13000 code position corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese character components has been changed in the double-byte coding area, and in addition to 6 repeatedly encoded Chinese character components and 9 repeatedly encoded Chinese characters (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition)，	yes
在四字节编码区更改了18 个 GB/T 13000 代码位置(见附录 D,2005 年版的附录D);	18 GB/T 13000 code positions have been changed in the four-byte encoding area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);	yes
删除了附录 ”追加的汉字及部首/部件 “ 见 2005 年版的附录 〇 ，	The appendix ”Additional Chinese characters and radicals/parts" has been deleted. See Appendix 〇 of the 2005 edition. ，	yes
增加了实现的级别 " (见第9草);	Increased the level of realization" (see chapter 9);	yes
增加了资料性附录 “通用规范汉字表 ; 议字的代码位置 “ 见附录刁。	An informative appendix “General Specification Chinese Character Table; see Appendix 2 for the code location of the proposed characters“ has been added.	yes
请注意本文件的某些内容可能涉及专利。 本文件的发布机构不承担识别专利的责任。	Please note that some content of this document may involve patents. The issuing agency of this document does not assume the responsibility of identifying patents.	yes
本文件由中华人民共和国工业和信息化部提出并归口。	This document was submitted and centralized by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.	yes
本文件及其所代替文件的历次版本发布情况为 :	The previous versions of this document and the documents it replaces have been released as follows :	yes
一 -2000 年首次发布为 GB 18030 一 2000,2005 年第一次修订; 本次为第二次修订 。	One-2000 was first published as GB 18030 One 2000, the first revision in 2005; this is the second revision.	yes
GB 18030 一 2022	GB 18030 A 2022	yes
信息扩术 ”中文编码字符集	Information Expansion "Chinese Coded Character Set	yes
1 本文件规定了信息技术用的中文图形字符及甚二进制编码的十六进制表示 。	1This document specifies the hexadecimal representation of Chinese graphic characters and even binary encoding used in information technology.	yes
本文件适用于中文和其他文字图形字符信息的处理、交换、存储、传给、显现 、输入和输出。	This document is suitable for the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other text, graphic and character information.	no
本文件适用于为具备中文和其他文字图形字符信息化处理及交换功能的技术类产品,包括但不限于以输入法、光学字符识别 (OCR)、编辑 校对、机融翻诺、语音合成、文字转写、乔能写作等为代表的软件产品 , 以及以计算机、通信终端设备、电子书阅读毅、学习机等为代表的便件产品 。	This document is suitable for technical products with information processing and exchange functions of Chinese and other text, graphics and characters, including but not limited to input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine fusion translation, speech synthesis, text transcription, Qiao Neng writing, etc. Software products, as well as portable products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book readers, learning machines, etc.	no
2 规泄性引用文件	2 Regulatory reference documents	no
下列文件中的内容通过文中的规范性引用而构成本文件必不可少的条款。	The content in the following documents constitutes an essential clause of this document through normative references in the text.	no
其中, 注日期的引用文件,仅该日期对应的版本适用于本文件;不注日期的引用文件,其最新厂本(包括所有的修改单)适用于本文件。	Among them, for dated reference documents, only the version corresponding to that date is applicable to this document; for undated reference documents, the latest factory version (including all modification orders) is applicable to this document.	no
GB/T 2312 一 1980 ”信息交换用汉字编码字符集 ”基本集	GB/T 2312-1980 Basic set of "Chinese Character Encoding Character Set for Information Exchange”	no
GB/I 11383 一 1989 信息 处理 ”信息交换用八位代码结构和编码规则	GB/I 11383-1989 Information processing "Eight-digit code structure and coding rules for information exchange	no
GB/工 13000 信息技术通用多八位编码字符集(UCS)	GB/T 13000 Information Technology Universal Multi-octet coded character Set (UCS)	no
3 术语和定义	3 Terms and definitions	no
下列本语和定义适用于本文件 。	The following terms and definitions apply to this document.	no
3.1 字符 character	3.1 character character	no
供组织、控制或表示数据用的元素集合中的一个元素。	An element in a collection of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.	no
3.2 编码字符 coded character	3.2 Coded character coded character	no
字符 (3.1) 及其编码 示。	The character (3.1) and its encoding are shown.	no
3.3 用户自定区 private use area	3.3 User-defined area private use area	no
使用符合本文件的产品的使用者可以自行规定的区域。	Areas that users who use products that comply with this document can specify by themselves.	no
3.4 字汇 repertoire	3.4 Vocabulary repertoire	no
用编码字符 (3.2) 集表示的一个指定的字符(3.1)集合 。	A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by the set of encoded characters (3.2).	no
3.5 保 区 reserved zone	3.5 Reserved zone	no
留作未来本文件规定的区 域 。	Reserved as the area specified in this document in the future.	no
GB 18030 一 2022	GB 18030 A 2022	no
4 字汇	4 vocabulary	no
4.1 概述	4.1 Overview	no
本文件收录的字符以单字节、双字或四字节编码 。	The characters included in this document are encoded in single-byte, double-character, or four-byte.	no
单字节部分收录了 GB/T 11383 一 1989 的 0x00~0x7F 全部 128 个字符 。	The single-byte part contains all 128 characters from 0x00~0x7F of GB/T 11383-1989.	no
4.3 双字节部分	4.3 Double-byte part	no
双字节部分收录了 GB/T 2312 一 1980 中的全部图形字符 GB/T 13000 中的CJK 统一汉字以及部分图形字符。	The double-byte part contains all the graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, the CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.	no
双字节部分的字符按照附录 A 的规定。	The characters of the double-byte part are in accordance with the provisions of Appendix A.	no
其中,表意文字描述符的图形、代码位置和功能应符合附录 B 的规定 。	Among them, the graphics, code location and functions of the ideographic character descriptors should comply with the provisions of Appendix B.	no
注: GB/T 13000 对中国、日本、恩国、越南等国家和地区使用的汉字统一编码。	Note: GB/T 13000 uniformly encodes Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Enguo, Vietnam and other countries and regions.	no
具备独有抽象字形的汉字,赋予单独的代码位置;来源不同而抽象字形相同的汉字, 则赋予共用的代码位置。	Chinese characters with unique abstract glyphs are given a separate code position; Chinese characters with different sources and the same abstract glyphs are given a common code position.	no
经过编码的汉字称为CJK 统一汉字 CCJK Unified Ideographs,其中 CJK 表示中国、日本、韩国。	The encoded Chinese characters are called CJK Unified Chinese characters CCJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK represents China, Japan, and South Korea.	no
4.4 四字节部分	4.4 Four-byte part	no
四字节部分收录了上述双字节字符之外的 GB/T 13000 中的 66 个CJK统一汉字(9FA6 一 9FEF，不包括 9FB4~9FBB 的8个字符)、CJK 统一汉字扩充 A、CJK 统一汉字扩充 BCJK 统一汉字扩充 C、 CJK 统一汉字扩充 DCJK 统一汉字扩充下 .CJK 统一汉字扩充 F 和已经 在 GB/ 工 13000 中编码的少数民族文字的字符。	The four-byte part contains 66 CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000 other than the above two-byte characters (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB), CJK unified Chinese character expansion A, CJK unified Chinese character expansion BCJK Unified Chinese character expansion C, CJK Unified Chinese character expansion DCJK Unified Chinese character Expansion.CJK unified Chinese character expansion F and the characters of ethnic minority characters that have been encoded in GB/T 13000.	no
四字节部分的字符按照附录 C 的规定 。	The characters in the four-byte part are in accordance with the provisions of Appendix C.	no
5 总体结构	5 Overall structure	no
正文中凡数字前标有 0x 的表示采用十六进制,未标有 0x 的表示采用十进制。	In the text, all numbers marked with 0x before them are in hexadecimal, and those not marked with 0x are in decimal.	no
附录中凡编码的表示均采用十六进制,其他数字的表示均采用十进制。	The representation of all encodings in the appendix is in hexadecimal, and the representation of other numbers is in decimal.	no
单字节部分采用 GB/T 11383 一 1989 的编码结构,使 用 0x00~0x7F 码位。	The single-byte part adopts the coding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using 0x00~0x7F code points.	no
双字贡部分采用两个八位二进制位串表示一个字符,其首字节码位从 0x81 一 0xFE, 尾字节码位分别是 0x40 一 0x7E 和 0x80 一 0xFE。	The double-character character part uses two eight-bit binary bit strings to represent a character, the first byte code point is from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the last byte code point is 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE, respectively.	no
四字节部分采用 GB/工 11383 一 1989 未采用的 0x30 一 0x39 作为对双字节编码扩充的后缀,编码范围为 0x81308130 一 0xFE39FE39。	The four-byte part adopts the 0x30-0x39 not used in GB/T 11383-1989 as the suffix for the expansion of the two-byte encoding, and the encoding range is 0x81308130-0xFE39FE39.	no
四字节字符的第一个字厄编码范围为 0x81 一 0xFE;第二个字记编码范围为 0x30 一 0x39; 第三个字节编码范围为 0x81 一 0xFE;第 四个字市编码范围为 0x30 一 0x39。 即 : 0x81308130 一 0x81308139; 0x81308230 一 0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30 一 0x8130FE39 ; 0x81318130 一 0x81318139 ; Oo2douolag0c “0URo23061393 0xFE39FE30 一 0xFE39FE39 。	The encoding range of the first character of a four-byte character is 0x81 to 0xFE; the encoding range of the second character is 0x30 to 0x39; the encoding range of the third byte is 0x81 to 0xFE; the encoding range of the fourth character is 0x30 to 0x39. Namely: 0x81308130 a 0x81308139; 0x81308230 a 0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30 a 0x8130fe39; 0x81318130 A 0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c “0uro23061393 0xFE39FE30 A 0xFE39FE39.	no
总体结构与码位范围分配见图 1 和表 1。	The overall structure and code point range allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.	no
6 字符的排列顺序	Order of 6 characters	no
6.1 单字刷部分字符的排列顺序	6.1 The order of some characters in a single word brush	no
单字记部分字符按照 GB/I 11383 一 1989 中相应字符的顺序排列 。	The characters of the single-character notation are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.	no
6.2 双字市部分字符的排列顺序	6.2 The order of some characters in the double-character city	no
双字下部分字符排列顺序应符合附录 A。	The order of the characters in the lower part of the double characters should conform to Appendix A.	no
6.3 四字刷部分字符的排列顺序	6.3 The order of some characters in the four-character brush	no
自 0x81308130 至 0x8439FE39 共 50400 个码位,对应双字节部分未包括的所有 GB/T 13000 基本多文种平面的字符,按照GB/T13000 基本多文种平面相应字符的顺序排列 。	There are a total of 50,400 code points from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, corresponding to all the characters of the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane not included in the double-byte part, arranged in the order of the corresponding characters of the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane.	no
自 0x90308130 至 0xE339FE39 共 1058400 个码位用于对应 GB/T 13000 的16个辅助平面,字符排列顺序完全按照 GB/I 13000 的 16个辅助平面的相应码位顺序依次排列 。	From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1058,400 code points are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000. The order of characters is exactly in accordance with the corresponding code points of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.	no
四字节部分字符排列顺序应符合附录 C。	The order of the characters in the four-byte part should conform to Appendix C.	no
7 码位分配	7 code position allocation	no
1.单字市部分的码位分配	1.Allocation of code points in the single-word city part	no
单字节部分的码位按照 GB/T 11383 一 1989 的规则分配。	The code points of the single-byte part are allocated in accordance with the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.	no
单字节码位分配见图 2。	The single-byte code point allocation is shown in Figure 2.	no
2.双字部分的码位分配	2.Code point allocation for the double-character part	no
双字节部分的码位安排分为 0x8140~ 一 0xFE7E 和 0x8180 一 0xFEFE 两部分, 共 23940 个码位。	The code point arrangement of the double-byte part is divided into two parts: 0x8140~one 0xFE7E and 0x8180 one 0xFEFE, with a total of 23,940 code points.	no
双字节码位分配见图 3 及表 2。	The allocation of double-byte code points is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.	no
总计: 23940 个码位	Total: 23940 code points	no
双字节 1 区 : 846 码位	Double-byte zone 1: 846 code points	no
SS WA 和 RS 双宁节 3 区 6080 码位	SS WA and RS Shuangning Section Zone 3 6080 code position	no
首字节 0xA8~0xA9 双字节 5 区 : 192 码 位	First byte 0xA8~0xA9 double byte zone 5: 192 code points	no
3.双字蔬部分编码空间结构图	3.Structure diagram of the coding space of the two-character code part	no
表 2 双字闻部分的码位安排	Table 2 Arrangement of code points for the double-character Wen part	no
人码位范围	Person code range	no
四字刷部分的码位分配	Code point allocation of the four-character brush part	yes
四字节部分收录了汉字和部分少数民族文字。	The four-byte part contains Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters.	yes
四字节人码位分配见表 3。	The allocation of four-byte human code points is shown in Table 3.	yes
表 3 中没有指明的四字节人码位分配见 6.3。	See 6.3 for the allocation of four-byte human code points not specified in Table 3.	yes
表 3 四字闻部分的码位安排	Table 3 The code position arrangement of the four-character Wen part	yes
码位范围	Code point range	yes
表3 四字节部分的码位安排(续)	Table 3 The code point arrangement of the four-byte part (continued)	yes
码位范围码位数字符数	Code point range, code point number, number of symbols	yes
自 0xFD308130 至 0xFE39FE39 共 25200 个码位为用户自定义区 。	A total of 25,200 code points from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined areas.	yes
其他未占用的四字节码位为保留区, 留符未来文件扩展使用。	The other unoccupied four-byte code points are reserved areas, which will be used for future file extensions.	yes
8 部分字符和代码的说明	8-part description of characters and codes	yes
相对于 GB 18030 一 2005 ,部分代码位置上的字形和 /或所对应的 GB/TI 13000 代码位置在本文件中进行了调整 ( 见附录D)。	Relative to GB 18030-2005, the glyphs on some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).	yes
9.1 通则	9.1 General Rules	yes
本文件规定三个实现级别。	This document specifies three implementation levels.	yes
符合相应实现级别的系统软件产品,应提供相应实现级别范围内全部字符的输入输出功能。	System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the scope of the corresponding implementation level.	yes
9.2 实现级别 1	9.2 Implementation level 1	yes
实现级别 1 文持本文件的单字节编码部分、双季节编码部分和四字下编玛部分的 CJK 统一汉字 ( 即 0x82358F33 一 0x82359636) 和 CJK 统一汉字扩A( 即 0x8139EE39 一 0x82358738) 。	Implement level 1 text to support the CJK unified Chinese characters (i.e. 0x82358F33-0x82359636) and CJK unified Chinese character expansion A (i.e. 0x8139EE39-0x82358738) of the single-byte encoded part, the two-byte encoded part, and the four-character encoded part of this document.	yes
任何本文件适用的产品均应满足实现级别 1 的要求。	Any product applicable to this document shall meet the requirements of implementation level 1.	yes
注: 根据软件应用需要 ,实现级别 1 还可选择文持表 3 列出的任何一种或多种非汉字文种。	Note: According to the needs of software applications, implementation level 1 can also choose any one or more non-Chinese characters listed in Table 3.	no
9.3 实现级别 2	9.3 Implementation level 2	no
实现级别 2 包含实现级别 1。	Implementation level 2 includes implementation level 1.	no
此外 ,实现级别 2 还文持《通用 规范 汉字 表 }中的没有包合在实级别 1 之内的编码汉字。	In addition, implementation level 2 also supports coded Chinese characters that are not included in the "General Specification Chinese Character Table" that are not included in real level 1.	no
《 通用规范汉字表) 所收汉字在本文件中的代码位置和字形, 见附录下。	The code position and glyphs of the received Chinese characters in this document in the "General Specification Chinese Character Table" are shown in the appendix.	no
系统软件及支撑软件,应满足实现级别 2 的要求 。	The system software and support software should meet the requirements of implementation level 2.	no
注: 系统软件及文撑软件包括但不限于操作系统,数据库管理系统.中间件( 软件产品分类的信息见 GB/ 工 36475)。	Note: System software and document support software include but are not limited to operating system, database management system.Middleware (see GB/T 36475 for information on software product classification).	no
9.4 实现级别 3	9.4 Implementation level 3	no
实现级别 3 包含实现级别 2。	Implementation level 3 includes implementation level 2.	no
此外,实现级别 3 还文持本文件规定的全部汉字及表 3 中的康黑部首。	In addition, realization level 3 also supports all Chinese characters specified in this document and the Kanghe radicals in Table 3.	no
用于政务服务和公共服务的产品应满足实现级卉 3 的要求。	Products used in government services and public services should meet the requirements of implementation level 3.	no
注: 政务服务和 共服务行业包括但不限于铁路运输业.道路运输业 \ 水上运输业.航空运输业、多式联运和运输代理业、邮政业、货币金融服、保险业、土地、管理业、卫生、国家机构、社会保障等 (行业分类的信息见 GB/ 工 4754)。	Note: Government services and public service industries include but are not limited to the railway transportation industry.Road transport industry \ water transport industry.Air transport industry, multimodal transport and transportation agency industry, postal industry, currency and financial services, insurance industry, land, management industry, health, state institutions, social security, etc. (See GB/T 4754 for industry classification information).	no
附录 A (规范性 )	Appendix A (Normative)	no
双字字符表	Double-character character table	no
A.1 表的内容	A.1 Table of contents	no
本表给出双字节编码字符的字形及代码 ,同时给出了该字符对应的 GB/T 13000 代码位置。	This table gives the glyphs and codes of double-byte encoded characters, and at the same time gives the GB/T 13000 code position corresponding to the character.	no
A.2 表的说明	A.2 Description of the table	no
示例如下:	An example is as follows:	no
第一字节第二字节低位	The first byte, the second byte, the low bit	no
双字节 3 区	Double-byte zone 3	no
第二字节高位 GBCT 13000 代码位置	The high bit of the second byte GBCT 13000 code position	no
附录B (规苑性)	Appendix B (Regularity)	no
表意文字描述符	Ideographic descriptors	no
本附录收录了 GB/TI 13000 规定的表意文字描述符 13 个,并给出了它们的图形.代码位置和功能描述。	This appendix contains 13 ideographic character descriptors specified in GB/TI 13000, and gives their graphics.Code location and function description.	no
有具体内容见表 B.1。	See Table B for specific content.1.	no
表 B.1 表意文字描述符的图形、代码位置和功能描述	Table B.1 Graphic, code location and function description of ideographic character descriptors	no
本文件的码位 GB/T 13000 的码位功能描述相似而不等,用于借某字表达外字	The code point function description of the code point GB/T 13000 of this document is similar but not the same. It is used to borrow a certain word to express a foreign word.	no
左右结构	Left and right structure	no
上下结构	Upper and lower structure	no
左中右结构	Left center right structure	no
上中下结构	Upper middle and lower structure	no
全包围结构	Fully enclosed structure	no
回下包围结构	Back down surround structure	no
回上包围结构	Back to the surrounding structure	no
回右包围结构	Back to the right surround structure	no
回右下包围结构	Back to the lower right surround structure	no
回左下包围结构	Back to the lower left surround structure	no
回右上包围结构	Back to the upper right surround structure	no
租套结构	Rental structure	no
附录 C (规范性)	Appendix C (Normative)	no
四字书字符表	Four-character book character table	no
C.1 表的内容	C.1 Table of contents	no
本表给出了汉字和部分少数民族文字的字形及代码,同时还给出了该字符对应的 GB/TI 13000 代码但位置,其他部分的字形从略。	This table gives the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters, and also gives the GB/TI 13000 code corresponding to the character, but the position, the glyphs of other parts are omitted.	no
C.2表的说明	C.2 Description of the table	no
附录D(资料性)	Appendix D (informational)	no
部分字符和代码的说明	Description of some characters and codes	no
D.1 调整过的 18 个GB/T 13000 代码位置	D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions	no
B 18030 一 2005 规定了 10 个竖排标点和 8 个汉字构件 在 GB/I 13000 中的临时代码位置,这些代码位置在本文件中进行了调整,如表 D.1 所示。	B 18030 A 2005 specifies the temporary code positions of 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000. These code positions have been adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.As shown in 1.	no
D.1 调整后的代码对应关系〈 续 )	D.1 Adjusted code correspondence (continued)	no
本文件及 GB 18030 一 2005 的GB 18030 一 2005 对应的本文件对应的GB/T 工 13000 码位	This document and GB 18030-2005 GB 18030-2005 corresponding to this document corresponding to GB/T work 13000 code points	no
D.2 在双字闻区删除的 6 个汉字构件	D.2 6 Chinese characters deleted in the double-character Wen area.	no
表 D.2 代码位置和保留的字形	Table D.2 Code location and reserved glyphs	no
D.3 在双字下区删除的 9 个 CJK 兼容汉字	D.3 9 CJK compatible Chinese characters deleted in the lower area of the double character	no
本文件删除了 GB 18030 一 2005 所 收录的来目 GB/TI 13000 的9个 CJK 碌容汉字, 如表 D.3 所示 。	This document deletes the 9 CJK content Chinese characters of GB/TI 13000 included in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.As shown in 3.	no
表 D.3 删除的 9 个 CJK 兼容汉字和它们的代码位置	Table D.3 Deleted 9 CJK compatible Chinese characters and their code locations	no
附录开 (资料性)《通用规范汉字表》 汉字的代码位置	Appendix Open (informational) "General Specification Chinese Character Table" Chinese Character Code Location	no
本文件收录了 2013 年中华人民共和国国务院批准发布的 4 通用规范汉字表》 中的全部 8105 个规范汉字,它们的代码位置和字形见表1。	This document contains all 8,105 standardized Chinese characters in the "General Standardized Chinese Characters Table" approved and issued by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. Their code positions and glyphs are shown in Table 1.	no
表中汉字的排列顺序与 4 通用规范汉字表 》的规范汉字顺序一致,序号 1 一 序号 3500 的汉字为一级汉字,序号 3501 一 序号 6500 的汉字为二级汉字,序号 6501 一 序号 8105 的汉字为三级汉字。	The order of the Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the standardized Chinese characters in the "General Standard Chinese Characters Table". The Chinese characters with serial number 1 and serial number 3500 are first-level Chinese characters, the Chinese characters with serial number 3501 and serial number 6500 are second-level Chinese characters, and the Chinese characters with serial number 6501 and serial number 8105 are third-level Chinese characters.	no
表 E.1 《通用规范汉字表》汉字的字形和代码位置	Table E.1 "General Specification Chinese Character Table" The glyphs and code Positions of Chinese characters	no
GB/ 工 4754 国民经济行业分类	GB/T 4754 National Economic Industry Classification	no
GB/ 工 36475 软件产品分类	GB/T 36475 Software product Classification	no
通用规范汉字表.中华人民共和国国务院(国发(2013]23号).	General specification Chinese character table.The State Council of the People's Republic of China (Guofa (2013) No.23).	no
本手册页内容摘自 GNU C 编译器的完整文档,仅限于解释选项的含义.	The content of this manual page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.	yes
除非有人自愿维护, EURo文件，Info文件是权威文档.	Unless someone maintains it voluntarily, EURo files and Info files are authoritative documents.	yes
如果发现手册页和软件之间有所矛盾,请查对Info	If you find a contradiction between the manual page and the software, please check Info	yes
如果我们发觉本手册页的内容由于过时而导致明显的混乱和抱怨时,我们就停止发布它.不可能有其他选择,象更新Info文件同时更新 man 手册, 因为其他维护 Gnu cc 的工作没有留给我们时间做这个.GNU 工程认为 man 手册是过时产物, 应该把时间用到别的地方.	If we find that the content of this manual page is outdated and causes obvious confusion and complaints, we will stop publishing it.It is impossible to have other options, like updating the Info file and updating the man manual at the same time, because other work to maintain the Gnu cc does not leave us time to do this.The GNU project believes that the man manual is outdated and should be used elsewhere.	yes
如果需要完整和最新的文档, 请查阅 Info 文件 `gee' 或 Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) 手册.二者均来自 Texinfo 原文件 gee. texinfo.	If you need complete and up-to-date documentation, please refer to the Info file`gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual.Both are from the original Texinfo file gee. texinfo.	yes
描述 (DESCRIPTION) C 和 C++ 编译器是集成的.他们都要用四个步骤中的一个或多个处理输入文件: 预处理(preprocessing), Hii(compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking) .	DESCRIPTION THE C AND C++ COMPILERS ARE INTEGRATED.They all use one or more of the four steps to process the input file: preprocessing (preprocessing), Hii (compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking).	yes
源文件后级名标识源文件的语言, 但是对编译器来说, 后绥名控制着缺省设定:	The post-level name of the source file identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the post-level name controls the default setting:	yes
gcc 认为预处理后的文件(.i) 是 c 文件, 并且设定 c 形式的连接，	gcc believes that the preprocessed file (.i) Is a c file, and set the connection in the form of c，	yes
g++ 认为预处理后的文件 (.i) 是 c++ 文件 ,并且设定 c++ 形式的连接.	g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) Is a c++ file, and sets the connection in the form of c++.	yes
源文件后级名指出语言种类以及后期的操作:	The post-level name of the source file indicates the language type and the later operation:	yes
.c C 源程序; 预处理, 编译,汇编	.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly	no
.C C++ 源程序; 预处理, 编译,汇编	.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly	no
.cc C++ 源程序; 预处理, 编译,汇编	.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly	no
. CXX C++ 源程序; 预处理, 编译,汇编	. CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly	no
.m Objective-C 源程序; 预处理,编译,汇编	.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly	no
.i 预处理后的 c 文件;编译,汇编	.i Preprocessed c file; compile, assemble	no
.ii 预处理后的 c++ 文件;编译,汇编	.ii Preprocessed c++ files; compile, assemble	no
.s 汇编语言源程序; 汇编	.s assembly language source program; assembly	no
汇编语言源程序; 预处理,汇编	Assembly language source program; preprocessing, assembly	no
.h 预处理器文件; 通常不出现在命令行上其他后级名的文件被传递给连接器 (Linker).通常包括:	.h preprocessor file; files with other post-level names that usually do not appear on the command line are passed to the connector (Linker).Usually includes:	no
.0 目标文件 (Object file)	.0 Object file (Object file)	no
.a 归档库文件(Archive file)	.a Archive file (Archive file)	no
除非使用了 -cec，-s, 或 -E 选项(或者编译错误阻止了完整的过程),否则连接总是最后的步骤.	Unless the -cec,-s, or-E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the complete process), the connection is always the last step.	no
在连接阶段中,所有对应于源程序的.e 文件，-1 库文件, 无法识别的文件名(包括指定的.o H 标文件和 .a 库文件)按命令行中的顺序传递给连接器选项 (OPTIONS)	In the connection phase, all corresponding to the source program.e file, -1 library file, unrecognized file name (including the specified.o H standard file and.a library FILE) Pass to the connector OPTIONS in the ORDER in the COMMAND line (OPTIONS)	no
选项必须分立给出 : de ' 完全不同于 `-d -r '.	The option must be given separately: de' is completely different from`-d-r'.	no
大多数 ` -=E :和 `-W' 选项有两个相反的格式 : -fname 和 -fno-name (或 -Wname 和 -Wno- name).	Most`-=E: and'-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).	no
这里只列举不是默认选项的格式.	Only formats that are not the default options are listed here.	no
下面是所有选项的摘要, 按类型分组, 解释放在后面的章节中.	Below is a summary of all options, grouped by type, explained in later chapters.	no
代码生成选项 (Code Generation Option)	Code Generation Option (Code Generation Option)	yes
总体选项 (Overall Option)	Overall Option (Overall Option)	yes
明确指出后面输入文件的语言为 language (而不是从文件名后绥得到的默认选择).	It is clearly stated that the language of the subsequent input file is language (instead of the default choice obtained from the suffix of the file name).	yes
这个选项应用于后面所有的输入文件, 直到遇着下一个 `-x' 选项 .language 的可选	This option is applied to all subsequent input files until the next`-x' option is encountered.language optional	yes
关闭任何对语种的明确说明, 因此依据文件名后级处理后面的文件 RE AS E ` -x' 选项).	Turn off any clear description of the language, so process the subsequent files according to the file name (AS E`-x' option).	yes
如果只操作四个阶段( 预处理, 编译, 汇编, 连接)中的一部分, 可以使用 ` -x' 选项 (或文件名后 Ah) 告诉 geo 从哪里开始,用 `~-c' ，`-s' ,或 `-E' 选项告诉 geo 到哪里结束.注意,某些选项组合 (例如 ，`-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF =c 编译或汇编源文件, ETER. ERA ATI 缺省情况下， GCC 通过用 ` .o' 蔡换源文件名后级 ` .ec 标文件名. 可以使用-o 选项选择其他名字.GCC忽略 -ec 选项后面任何无法识别的输入文伯 -S F 何事情.	If you only operate part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, connection), you can use the`-x' option (or Ah after the file name) to tell geo where to start, and the`~-c',`-s', or`-E' option to tell geo where to end.Note that some combinations of options (for example,`-x cpp-output-E') {i gee MEF =c compile or assemble the source file, ETER. ERA ATI by default, GCC uses `.o'Cai changed the source file name to the next level`.ec standard file name. You can use the-o option to select other names.GCC ignores any unrecognized input Wenbo -S F after the -ec option.	yes
了的目标文件.	The target file.	yes
编译后即停止, 不进行汇编件.	It will stop after compilation and will not be assembled.	yes
在编译过程的不同阶段间使用管道而非临时文件进行工作, 因为那些系统的汇编器不能从管道读取数据，GNU 的汇编器没有这个问题，汇编器能够接受的 C "方言 ": 支持符合 ANSI 标准的 C 程序.	Use pipelines instead of temporary files to work at different stages of the compilation process, because the assemblers of those systems cannot read data from pipelines. The assembler of GNU does not have this problem. The C "dialect" that the assembler can accept: Supports C programs that comply with ANSI standards.	yes
这样就会关闭 GNU Cc 中某些不兼容 ANSI Cc 的特性关键字, 以及诸如 unix 和 vax 这些表明当迎和极少使用的 ANSI trigraph 特性,以及禁上尽管使 用了(译注 :宿主环境 (hosted environment) 下所有的标准库可用，main 函数返回 一个 int 值, 典型例子是除了内核以外几乎所有的程序.对应的独立环境 (f£reestanding environment) 不存在标准库, 程序入口也不一定是 main, 最明显的例子就是操作系统内核.详情参考 gcc 网站最近的资料)	This will turn off some feature keywords in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as ANSI trigraph features such as unix and vax that indicate that they are popular and rarely used, and prohibit the use of (Translation note: All standard libraries under the hosted environment are available, and the main function returns an int value, a typical example is almost all programs except the kernel.The corresponding independent environment (f£reestanding environment) does not have a standard library, and the program entry is not necessarily main. The most obvious example is the operating system kernel.Refer to the recent information on the gcc website for details)	yes
对于没有参数的函数声明, 例如 `int foo ();', 按 C 风格处理 --- 即不说明参数个数或类型. (仅针对 C++) .	For function declarations without parameters, such as'int foo ();', they are processed in C style -that is, the number or type of parameters are not stated. (For C++ only).	no
正常情况下, 这样的函数 foo 在 C++ 中意味着参数为空.	Under normal circumstances, such a function foo in C++ means that the parameter is empty.	no
节清单从这里删到试图支持传统 C 编译器的某些方面.	The section list is deleted from here to try to support some aspects of traditional C compilers.	no
详见NU c 手册,我们已经把细节删除, 这样当内容过时后, 人们也不会 HERI.	See the NU c manual for details. We have deleted the details so that when the content is outdated, people will not HERI.	no
除了一件事: 对于 c++ 程序 (不是C)，` -traditional' 选项带来一个附加效应,允许对 this 赋值.	Except for one thing: for c++ programs (not C), the`-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing this to be assigned a value.	no
他和`-Ethis-is-variable' 选项的果一样.	He has the same effect as the`-Ethis-is-variable' option.	no
-traditional-cpp 试图支持传统 Cc 预处理器的某些方面.	-traditional-cpp tries to support certain aspects of traditional Cc preprocessors.	no
特别是上面提到有关预处理器的内容, 但是不包括 `-traditional' 选项的其他效应.	In particular, the content about preprocessors mentioned above, but does not include other effects of the`-traditional' option.	no
-fdollars-in-identifiers 允许在标识符 (identifier) 中使用 `$' 字符 (仅针对 C++) .	-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of the `$' character in the identifier (for C++ only).	no
你可以指定 `“-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' 选项显明禁止使用 `$' 符.	You can specify the'"-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers` option to explicitly prohibit the use of the'$' character.	no
(GNU C++ 在某些目标系统缺省允许 `$' 符, 但不是所有系统.)	(GNU C++ allows the`$' character by default on some target systems, but not all systems.)	no
-fenum-int-equiv 允许 ant 类型到枚举类型 (enumeration) 的隐式转换 (MEF c++) .	-fenum-int-equiv allows the implicit conversion of ant type to enumeration type (MEF c++).	no
正常情况下 GNU C++ 允许从 enum 到 int 的转换,反之则不行.	Under normal circumstances, GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int, but vice versa.	no
-fexternal-—templates 为模板声明 (template declaration) 产生较小的代码 (仅限于 c++)，方法是对于每个模板函数 (template function),只在 定义他们的地方生成一个副本.	-fexonal--templates generates smaller code (limited to c++) for template declaration by generating only one copy of each template function where they are defined for each template function.	no
想要成功使用这个选项, 你必须在所有使用模板的文件中,标记`#pragma implementatio'(定义)或 `#Pragma interface'(声明).	To successfully use this option, you must mark`#Pragma implements' (definition) or`#Pragma interface' (declaration) in all files that use the template.	no
程序用 `-fexternal-templates ' 编译时, 模板实例 (template instantiation) 全部是外部类型.你必须让需要的实例在实现文件中出现.	When the program is compiled with`-fexental-templates', the template instantiation is all external types.You must make the required instance appear in the implementation file.	no
可以通过 typedef 实现这一点, 他引用所需的每个实例.	This can be achieved through typedef, which refers to each instance required.	no
相对应的, 如果编译时使用缺省选项 ` -fno-exteznal-templates', 所有模板实例明确的设为内置.	Correspondingly, if the default option`-fno-exteznal-templates' is used at compile time, all template instances are explicitly set to built-in.	no
所有的成员函数(除了构造子函数和 mnew 或 delete 成员操作符) 视为所在类的虚函数.	All member functions (except constructor functions and mnew or delete member operators) are regarded as virtual functions of the class in which they are located.	no
这不表明每次调用成员函数都将通过内部虚函数表.	This does not mean that every time a member function is called, it will pass through the internal virtual function table.	no
有些情况下, 编译器能够判断出可以直接调用某个虚函数; 这时就直接调用.	In some cases, the compiler can judge that a virtual function can be called directly; at this time, it is called directly.	no
-fcond-mismatch 允许条件表达式的第二和第三个参数的类型不匹配.	-fcond-mismatch allows the types of the second and third parameters of the conditional expression to not match.	no
这种表达式的值是 Void.-fthis-—is-variable 允许对 this 赋值 (仅对 c++).	The value of this expression is Void.-fthis--is-variable allows assigning a value to this (only for c++).	no
合并用户自定义的自由存储管理机制到 c++ 后,使可赋值的`this' 显得不合时宜.	After merging the user-defined free storage management mechanism into c++, the assignable'this` seems anachronistic.	no
因此, 默认情况下, 类成员函数内部对 this 赋值是无效操作.	Therefore, by default, assigning a value to this inside a class member function is an invalid operation.	no
然而为了向后兼容, 你可以通过 `-fthis-is-variable' 选项使这种操作有效.	However, for backward compatibility, you can use the'-fthis-is-variable' option to make this operation effective.	no
-funsigned-char 把 char 定义为无符号类型,如同 unsigned char.	-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, just like unsigned char.	no
各种机器都有自己缺省的 char 类型. 既可能是 unsigned char 也可能是 signed char.	Various machines have their own default char type. It may be either unsigned char or signed char.	no
理想情况下, 当依赖于数据的符号性时, 一个可移植程序总是应该使用 signed char 或 unsigned chaz.	Ideally, when relying on the symbolicity of the data, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz.	no
但是许多程序已经写成只用简单的 char, 并且期街这是有符号数(或者无符号数, 具体情况取决于编写程序的目标机器).	But many programs have been written to use only simple char, and it is expected that this is a signed number (or an unsigned number, depending on the target machine where the program is written).	no
这个选项, 和它的反义选项, 使那样的程序工作在对应的默认值上.	This option, and its antisense option, make such a program work on the corresponding default value.	no
char 的类型始终应该明确定义为 signed char 或 unsigned char, 即使它表现的和其中之一完全一样.	The type of char should always be clearly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly the same as one of them.	no
如果没有明确声明 ` signed' 或 "unsigned'修饰符, 这些选项用来定义有符号位域 (bitfield) 或无符号位域.	If the'signed` or'unsigned' modifiers are not explicitly declared, these options are used to define a signed bitfield or an unsigned bitfield.	no
缺省情况下,位域是有符号的, 因为他们继承的基本整数类型,如 int,是有符号数，然而, 如果指定了 `-traditional' 选项,位域永远是无符号数.	By default, bit fields are signed because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed numbers. However, if the`-traditional' option is specified, the bit fields will always be unsigned numbers.	no
-fwritable-strings把字符串常量存储到可写数据段, 而且不做特别对待.	-fwritable-strings stores string constants in writable data segments without special treatment.	no
这是为了兼容一些老程序,他们算改字符串常量是一个非常糟糕的想法、`-traditional' 选项也有相同效果.	This is to be compatible with some old programs. It is a very bad idea for them to change the string constant. The`-traditional' option has the same effect.	no
执行摘要	Executive Summary	yes
新冠肺炎对毒品市场的影响	The impact of the new crown pneumonia on the drug market	yes
其影响可能类似于2008年的经济危机	The impact may be similar to the 2008 economic crisis	yes
全球性的新冠肺炎疫情已使全世界陷入前所未有的危机。	The global new crown pneumonia epidemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.	yes
在许多国家，这一疾病己使医疗服务机构穷于应付，几近崩溃，各国政府实施的限制措施已在全球经济中造成了严重紊乱。	In many countries, the disease has made medical services overwhelmed and almost collapsed. The restrictive measures implemented by governments have caused serious disorders in the global economy.	yes
对于毒品市场，这场疫情的影响尚不清楚，也很难预测，但有可能影响深远。	For the drug market, the impact of this epidemic is not yet clear and difficult to predict, but it may have a far-reaching impact.	yes
一些生产者可能会被迫寻找新的方法来制造毒品，因为限制流动的同时也限制了前体和基本化学品的获取。	Some producers may be forced to find new ways to make drugs, because restrictions on movement also restrict access to precursors and basic chemicals.	yes
贩运者由于旅行限制而无法越境，可能不得不寻找新的路线和方法。	Traffickers are unable to cross the border due to travel restrictions and may have to find new routes and methods.	yes
毒品使用和提供的模式可能会改变，政府的应对能力也可能会受到阻碍。	The patterns of drug use and provision may change, and the government's ability to respond may also be hindered.	yes
新冠肺炎带来的转变是前所未有的，但还是可以从以往的危机中吸取一些经验教训。	The changes brought about by the new crown pneumonia are unprecedented, but some lessons can still be learned from previous crises.	yes
2008年经济危机后，一些吸毒者开始寻找更便宜的合成物质，使用模式转向注射毒品。	After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug addicts began to look for cheaper synthetic substances, and their use patterns turned to injecting drugs.	no
与此同时，各国政府削减了与毒品相关的预算。	At the same time, governments have cut drug-related budgets.	no
如果各国政府以同样的方式应对当前的经济衰退，预防吸毒和相关风险行为等干预措施和戒毒治疗服务可能会受到沉重打击。	If governments respond to the current economic recession in the same way, interventions such as drug abuse prevention and related risky behaviors and drug treatment services may be hit hard.	no
此外，拦截行动和国际合作的优先性可能会降低，使贩运者更容易行动。	In addition, the priority of interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to move.	no
一些国家有大量毒品通过商业航班走私，预计这些国家的贩毒活动受到的直接影响最大。	A large number of drugs are smuggled through commercial flights in some countries, and it is expected that drug trafficking activities in these countries will be directly affected the most.	no
有信使将甲基苯丙胺等合成毒品放在随身背包或藏在私人行李中携带，有时数量很大。由于几乎各地都对航空客运实施了限制，利用商业航空旅行供应毒品的活动可能会完全中断。	Some couriers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in carry-on backpacks or hidden in personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities.Due to restrictions on air passenger transportation in almost all places, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs may be completely interrupted.	no
尽管国际邮政供应链也受到了干扰，但利用暗网和货物邮寄进行贩运的活动可能会增加。	Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, the use of the dark Web and the mailing of goods for trafficking may increase.	no
从长远来看，经济衰退和相关的封闭措施可能会打乱毒品市场。	In the long run, the economic recession and related closure measures may disrupt the drug market.	no
由于不断上升的失业率和缺乏机会，贫困和弱势人群将更有可能以有害的方式吸毒，患上吸毒病症，并转向与毒品有关的非法活动一无论是生产还是运输。	Due to rising unemployment and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people will be more likely to take drugs in harmful ways, suffer from drug abuse disorders, and turn to illegal drug-related activities, whether it is production or transportation.	no
贩毒组织可能会利用这种情况，向脆弱人群提供服务，并招募新成员来壮大队伍。	Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable groups and recruit new members to strengthen their teams.	no
随着政府应对能力的降低，这些转变可能会快速扎根，成为许多社区的新现实。	As the government's ability to respond decreases, these changes may quickly take root and become a new reality for many communities.	no
扩张与复杂性	Expansion and complexity	no
市场增长	Market growth	no
人口增长模式部分解释了市场扩张的原因	The population growth model partly explains the reasons for market expansion	no
世界各地的吸毒现象一直在增多，无论是从总体数字还是从吸毒者在世界人口中所占比例来看都是如此。	The phenomenon of drug abuse around the world has been increasing, both in terms of overall figures and the proportion of drug users in the world's population.	no
2009年估计吸毒者有2.1亿人，占全球15-64岁人口的4.8%,而2018年估计吸毒者有2.69亿人，占这类人口的5.3%。	In 2009, it was estimated that there were 210 million drug addicts, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018, it was estimated that there were 269 million drug addicts, accounting for 5.3% of this population.	no
在过去二十年期间，发展中国家吸毒情况的增长速度远远快于发达国家。	During the past two decades, the growth rate of drug abuse in developing countries has been much faster than that of developed countries.	no
这在一定程度上反映了这一期间总体人口增长的差异、发达国家为7%,发展中国家为28%但也反映了发展中国家年 轻人口增长较快。	This reflects to a certain extent the difference in overall population growth during this period, with 7% in developed countries and 28% in developing countries, but it also reflects the rapid growth of the young population in developing countries.	no
青少年和年轻成年人在吸毒者中所占比例最大。	Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug addicts.	no
在2000-2018年期间，发展中国家这一年龄段的人口增长了16%,而发达国家这一年龄段的人口减少了10%。	Between 2000 and 2018, the population of this age group in developing countries increased by 16%, while the population of this age group in developed countries decreased by 10%.	no
1城市化是当前和未来毒品市场的一个驱动因素	1 Urbanization is a driving factor in the current and future drug market	no
无论是发达国家还是发展中国家，城市地区的吸毒情况都多于农村地区。	Whether it is developed or developing countries, drug abuse in urban areas is higher than in rural areas.	no
吸毒情况总体增多的部分原因是人口从农村向城镇的大规模流动一目前全世界人口有一半以上生活在城市地区，而1960年这一比例为34%。	Part of the overall increase in drug abuse is due to the large-scale movement of the population from rural areas to urban areas. At present, more than half of the world's population lives in urban areas, compared with 34% in 1960.	no
城市化可能是毒品市场未来动态的一个关键因素，特别是在城市化趋势更为突出的发展中国家。	Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, especially in developing countries where urbanization trends are more prominent.	no
财富的增加与吸毒情况增多相联，但承受疾病负担最大的是最贫穷的人在世界范围内，发达国家的吸毒情况比发展中国家更为普遍。	The increase in wealth is linked to the increase in drug abuse, but it is the poorest people who bear the greatest burden of disease. Worldwide, drug abuse in developed countries is more common than in developing countries.	no
可卡因之类的毒品更是与世界上较富裕的地区联系较为牢固。	Drugs such as cocaine are more strongly linked to wealthier regions of the world.	no
同样，在各国内部，社会富裕阶层的吸毒流行率较高。	Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug abuse among the wealthy strata of society is higher.	no
但转为吸毒病症的比率较高的却是社会经济地位较低的人。	However, it is people of lower socio-economic status who have a higher rate of turning to drug abuse.	no
来自少数几个国家的数据表明，有害的吸毒模式与病症同低收入之间存在联系。	Data from a few countries show that there is a link between harmful drug abuse patterns and illness and low income.	no
这些模式在较富裕的社会阶层似乎不太常见。	These patterns seem to be less common in wealthier social strata.	no
全球新冠肺炎危机造成的经济制约很可能会加剧包括吸毒者在内的最弱势群体的风险。	The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks of the most vulnerable groups, including drug addicts.	no
例如，劳动力市场的变化，如失业率上升，过去一直与吸毒情况的增加有关，而这场疫情己经迫使全球数千万人失业。	For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have been related to an increase in drug abuse in the past, and the epidemic has forced tens of millions of people around the world to lose their jobs.	no
新冠肺炎或将导致毒品市场进一步扩张新冠肺炎的大流行可能会导致更多农民增加或从事非法作物种植，或是因为国家主管机关的控制能力降低，或是因为在经济危机之下可能有更多人不得不铤而走险，从事非法活动。	The new crown pneumonia may lead to the further expansion of the drug market. The new crown pneumonia pandemic may cause more farmers to increase or engage in illegal crop cultivation, either because the control capacity of the competent national authorities is reduced, or because under the economic crisis, more people may have to take risks and engage in illegal activities.	no
新冠肺炎的相关限制措施导致空中和陆路交通减少，海上贩运可能已经因此而增加，海上的拦截风险低，而且比空中或陆路走私的数量更多。	The restrictions related to the new crown pneumonia have led to a decrease in air and land traffic, and maritime trafficking may have increased as a result. The risk of interception at sea is low, and there is more smuggling than air or land.	no
最近已有报告称可卡因货物直接从南美经由海路运往欧洲。	Recently, there have been reports that cocaine shipments are shipped directly from South America to Europe by sea.	no
复杂性增强	Increased complexity	yes
非国际管制物质的出现情况稳定，但有潜在危害的新型类阿片正在增多毒品市场正日趋复杂。	The emergence of non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but potentially harmful new types of opioids are increasing, and the drug market is becoming more and more complex.	yes
除大麻、可卡因和海洛因等植物类物质之外，已经增添了数百种合成毒品，其中许多并不在国际管制之下。药品的非医疗使用也快速增多。	In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control.The non-medical use of medicines is also increasing rapidly.	yes
会员国的国内市场每年约有500种新型活性物质。	There are about 500 new active substances in the domestic market of Member States every year.	yes
目前其中大多是兴奋剂，其次是合成的大麻素受体激动剂和少量的类阿片。	At present, most of them are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and a small amount of opioids.	yes
虽然新型精神活性物质的总体数量已经稳定下来，但比例发生了变化。	Although the overall number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.	yes
在2014年确定的新型精神活性物质种类总数中，类阿片新型精神活性物质仅占2%,但到2018年，这一数字己上升至9%。	Among the total number of new types of psychologically active substances identified in 2014, new types of psychologically active substances such as opioids accounted for only 2%, but by 2018, this number had risen to 9%.	yes
类阿片新型精神活性物质中有许多是芬太尼的类似物，其药效和危害已得到证明，在北美导致了过量死亡事件，其他区域也有，但程度较轻。	Many of the new types of opiate psychoactive substances are analogues of Fentanyl. Their efficacy and harm have been proven to cause overdose deaths in North America, as well as in other regions, but to a lesser extent.	yes
在北美，芬太尼有的用作海洛因和其他毒品（包括可卡因和甲基苯丙胺）的掺杂剂，有的用来制造假冒的药用类阿片。	In North America, fentanyl is used as a dopant for heroin and other drugs (including cocaine and methamphetamine), and some are used to make counterfeit medicinal opioids.	yes
一些证据表明，欧洲也有注射新型精神活性物质兴奋剂的现象：一项对欧洲六个城市废弃注射器残留物的研宄发现，许多注射器都沾有产生兴奋作用的新型精神活性物质》	Some evidence shows that there is also a phenomenon of injecting new psychoactive substance stimulants in Europe: A study of the residues of abandoned syringes in six European cities found that many syringes are stained with new psychoactive substances that produce excitatory effects.	yes
2新型精神活性物质的使用可能会逐渐牢固存在于弱势群体中	2The use of new psychoactive substances may gradually become firmly present in vulnerable groups	no
单一种类的新型精神活性物质几乎从未形成大的市场。	A single type of new psychoactive substance has almost never formed a large market.	no
但来自欧洲的证据表明，合成大麻素在无家可归者和监狱囚犯等社会边缘群体中是一个严重的问题。	But evidence from Europe shows that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem in marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison prisoners.	no
有22个国家报告了监狱中使用新型精神活性物质的情况，其中大多数国家将合成大麻素确定为主要挑战。	Twenty-two countries have reported the use of novel psychoactive substances in prisons, and most of them have identified synthetic cannabinoids as the main challenge.	no
对前体化学品的管制迫使制毒者进行创新最常作为前体用来合成苯丙胺、甲基苯丙胺和“摇头丸”等毒品的许多化学品已被置于国际管制之下。	The control of precursor chemicals has forced drug makers to innovate. Many chemicals that are most often used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine, and “ecstasy” have been placed under international control.	no
贩毒者和制毒者一直在寻找替代品一不仅有管制较松的物质，还有专门为规避管制而设计的化学品，即所谓的“特制前体”。	Drug traffickers and drug makers have been looking for alternatives, not only looser controlled substances, but also chemicals specially designed to evade control, the so-called “special precursor”.	no
旨在阻止新冠肺炎传播的限制性措施很可能使依赖前体化学品的制毒者受到进一步挤压。	Restrictive measures aimed at preventing the spread of the new crown pneumonia are likely to further squeeze drug makers who rely on precursor chemicals.	no
来自墨西哥的证据表明，这已经成为 现实：据报告，2020年3月，从东亚进口的甲基苯丙胺前体短缺促使墨西哥和美国的甲基苯丙胺价格上涨。	Evidence from Mexico shows that this has become a reality: in March 2020, it was reported that the shortage of methamphetamine precursor imported from East Asia prompted an increase in the price of methamphetamine in Mexico and the United States.	no
市场瞬息万变	The market is changing rapidly	no
合成药物在中亚和俄罗斯联邦取代阿片剂	Synthetic drugs replace opiate in Central Asia and the Russian Federation	no
中亚和俄罗斯联邦的阿片剂市场在2008年至2018年期间似乎发生了变化。	The opiate market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation seems to have changed between 2008 and 2018.	no
俄罗斯联邦当局截获的阿片剂数量下降了约80%，同时因使用类阿片而接受治疗的人数大幅减少。	The number of opiate intercepts by the authorities of the Russian Federation has fallen by about 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for the use of opiate has decreased significantly.	no
但兴奋剂市场却似乎日渐兴旺。	But the stimulant market seems to be booming day by day.	no
有证据表明，甲基苯丙胺和各种卡西酮，包括甲氧麻黄酮和 a - 吡咯烷基苯戊酮，现在俄罗斯毒品市场上随处可见。	There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cassidones, including methamphetamine and a-pyrrolidinophenylpentanone, are now everywhere in the Russian drug market.	no
俄罗斯当局报告称，最近查获的制造各种非法药物的秘密加工点数量急剧上升，在两年内翻了一番多，2018年增至152个加工点。	The Russian authorities reported that the number of clandestine processing points for the manufacture of various illegal drugs recently seized has risen sharply, more than doubling in two years and increasing to 152 processing points in 2018.	no
阿富汗和伊拉克甲基苯丙胺市场增长	Growth of the methamphetamine market in Afghanistan and Iraq	no
早在2012年，对医院、监狱和其他机构人员的调查就已经揭示了甲基苯丙胺在伊拉克的重要性。	As early as 2012, investigations of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions have revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.	no
结晶甲基苯丙胺已经成为“芬乃他林”和曲马多之外又一种令人担忧的主要药物。	Crystallized methamphetamine has become another worrisome major drug in addition to ”fenetalin" and tramadol.	no
2015年的一项研宄进一步证实了这些发现，吸毒者表示大麻比“芬乃他林”或甲基苯丙胺更难获得。	A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug addicts saying that cannabis is more difficult to obtain than “fenetalin” or methamphetamine.	no
最近，伊拉克当局发现了多个甲基苯丙胺加工点，麻管局已对伪麻黄碱制剂的大批进口表示关切一甲基苯丙胺加工点将这些制剂用作前体。	Recently, the Iraqi authorities have discovered a number of methamphetamine processing sites, and the Board has expressed concern about the large-scale import of pseudoephedrine preparations. methylamphetamine processing sites use these preparations as precursors.	no
在阿富汗，甲基苯丙胺制造似乎始于2014年。	In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacturing seems to have begun in 2014.	no
自那时起，甲基苯丙胺的缉获量一直在稳步上升。	Since then, methamphetamine seizures have been steadily increasing.	no
但2019年上半年的缉获量一^657公斤——与上一年相比大幅骤增。	However, the seizure volume in the first half of 2019 was 1^657 kg-a sharp increase compared with the previous year.	no
在其他国家大量缉获了据认为源自阿富汗的甲基苯丙胺，这也表明该国的产量正在迅速上升。	A large number of methamphetamine believed to have originated in Afghanistan have been seized in other countries, which also shows that the country's production is rising rapidly.	no
政策变化和变化趋势	Policy changes and trends	yes
非医疗使用大麻合法化的法域大多有大麻使用增多的趋势	Most jurisdictions that legalize non-medical use of cannabis have a trend of increasing cannabis use	yes
加拿大、乌拉圭和美国的11个法域允许制造大麻产品供非医疗使用。	Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay, and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.	yes
在其中多数法域，大麻使用自合法化以来有所增多，尽管在其他未将非医疗使用大麻合法化的法域也观察到了同样的趋势。	In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical cannabis use.	yes
在美国最早通过立法的两个州科罗拉多州和华盛顿州，成年人非医疗使用大麻的情况增加，特别是过去一个月以及每天或几乎每天使用的情况增多，自2012年起便已超过了全国平均水平。	In Colorado and Washington State, the two earliest states in the United States to pass legislation, the non-medical use of cannabis by adults has increased, especially in the past month and the increase in daily or almost daily use, which has exceeded the national average since 2012.	yes
所有指标都显示，自2011年以来，乌拉圭的大麻使用情况有所增加，上月使用情况几乎翻了一番。	All indicators show that the use of cannabis in Uruguay has increased since 2011, and the use almost doubled last month.	yes
这表明增加的主要原因是经常和频繁使用大麻。	This indicates that the main reason for the increase is frequent and frequent use of cannabis.	yes
加拿大的短期数据也表明，2018年至2019年合法市场扩大的同时，使用量也在增加。	Short-term data from Canada also show that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, usage was also increasing.	yes
然而，2019年仍有40%的大麻使用者靠非法来源获得某些产品。	However, in 2019, 40% of cannabis users still relied on illegal sources to obtain certain products.	yes
全球大麻药草缉获量暴跌的背后原因是大麻合法化？	Is the reason behind the plunge in global cannabis herb seizures the legalization of cannabis?	yes
2018年，全球大麻药草缉获量降至20年来的最低水平，这是因为北美的缉获量下降，在过去10年中下降了 84%。	In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to the lowest level in 20 years. This is due to a decline in North American seizures, which have fallen by 84% in the past 10 years.	no
相比之下，同期世界其他地区的缉获量几乎翻了一番。缉获的模式表明，旨在放开大麻市场的政策在下降中发挥了关键作用。	In contrast, seizures in other parts of the world almost doubled during the same period.The pattern of seizures shows that policies aimed at liberalizing the cannabis market have played a key role in the decline.	no
对新型精神活性物质的监管似乎有遏制作用在国内对新型精神活性物质的监管效果仍然很难评估。	The supervision of new psychologically active substances seems to have a curbing effect. The effect of the supervision of new psychologically active substances in China is still difficult to evaluate.	no
一些对新型精神活性物质采用不同监管制度的国家显示出不同的新型精神活性物质使用流行率。	Some countries that adopt different regulatory systems for new psychoactive substances have shown different prevalence rates of the use of new psychoactive substances.	no
在另一些国家，通过国内立法后，新型精神活性物质使用情况有所减少。	In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased after the adoption of domestic legislation.	no
弱势群体面临合法和非法毒品市场的伤害用于疼痛管理和姑息治疗的药用类阿片主要在高收入国家提供止痛药在各区域分布不均。	Vulnerable groups face harm from the legal and illegal drug markets. Medicinal opioids used for pain management and palliative care are mainly provided in high-income countries. Painkillers are unevenly distributed in various regions.	no
2018年，所有可供医疗消费的药用类阿片中，90%以上在高收入国家。	In 2018, more than 90% of all medicinal opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.	no
大约50%在北美，40%在欧洲，还有2%在大洋洲。	About 50% are in North America, 40% are in Europe, and 2% are in Oceania.	no
这些国家的人口约占全球人口的12%。	The population of these countries accounts for about 12% of the global population.	no
据估计，低收入和中等收入国家的人口占全球人口的88%,但消费的药用类阿片却不到10%。	It is estimated that the population of low- and middle-income countries accounts for 88% of the global population, but less than 10% of medicinal opioids are consumed.	no
获取药用类阿片的障碍与许多因素有关，包括立法、文化、卫生系统和处方做法。	Barriers to access to medicinal opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems, and prescribing practices.	no
较贫穷的人患吸毒病症的风险更大2018年约有3,560万人患有吸毒病症。	Poorer people are at greater risk of developing drug abuse disorders. In 2018, about 35.6 million people suffered from drug abuse disorders.	no
贫困、有限的教育和社会边缘化可能会增加吸毒病症风险，并加剧其后果。高收入国家的研宄证实了这一点，在这些研究中，个人不利的社会经济轨迹一不仅仅是他们在某一时间点的状况一也与吸毒病症风险有关。	Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug abuse and exacerbate its consequences.Studies in high-income countries have confirmed this. In these studies, the unfavorable socio-economic trajectory of individuals is not only their condition at a certain point in time, but also related to the risk of drug abuse and illness.	no
吸毒病症还会加深社会经济劣势，进一步增加失业、贫困和无家可归的风险，从而助长劣势的恶性循环。这些结果也可能与刑事司法系统内的侮辱性态度和后果有关。	Drug abuse can also deepen socio-economic disadvantage and further increase the risk of unemployment, poverty, and homelessness, thereby fueling a vicious circle of disadvantage.These results may also be related to insulting attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.	no
妇女、少数民族和移民、性取向多样化群体、因武装冲突或灾难而流离失所的人以及农村环境中的人也可能受到吸毒病症的过重影响，或者在获得治疗服务方面遇到问题。	Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, groups with diverse sexual orientations, people displaced by armed conflicts or disasters, and people in rural environments may also be disproportionately affected by drug abuse or encounter problems in accessing treatment services.	no
根据估计因残疾和过早死亡而损失的健康寿命年数的残疾调整寿命年（DALY)指标，在过去10年中，有害的吸毒对范围更广的社会影响加重。	According to the disability-adjusted life expectancy (DALY) index that estimates the number of healthy life expectancy years lost due to disability and premature death, in the past 10 years, harmful drug abuse has had an increased impact on a wider range of society.	no
2007年至2018年间，归因于吸毒的全球残疾调整寿命年数增加了 17%。	Between 2007 and 2018, the global disability-adjusted life span attributable to drug abuse increased by 17%.	no
注射吸毒者中常见的未经治疗的丙型肝炎导致的肝癌的相关残疾调整寿命年数增幅特别高——达到40%。	The increase in disability-adjusted life expectancy for liver cancer caused by untreated hepatitis C, which is common among injecting drug users, is particularly high-reaching 40%.	no
毒品和暴力之间的关系错综复杂很难确定精神活性物质的使用和暴力之间的所有因果关系。	The relationship between drugs and violence is complicated and it is difficult to determine all causal relationships between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.	no
全球范围的有限数据表明，迷醉可能是杀人的一个重要因素。	Limited data on a global scale indicate that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.	no
但在暴力事件中，酒精的作用似乎比毒品更大。	But in violent incidents, alcohol seems to play a greater role than drugs.	no
虽然吸毒可能会导致犯罪，但在某些情况下，这种联系可以部分归因于多种中介因素，如社会经济劣势以及由个人风险、家庭环境和同龄人影响造成的其他类型的逆境。	Although drug abuse may lead to crime, in some cases, this connection can be partly attributed to a variety of intermediary factors, such as socio-economic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment, and peer influence.	no
贩毒和暴力之间的联系是多方面的。	The link between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.	no
如果已有稳定的犯罪结构，包括国际贩毒在内的大规模有组织犯罪活动有可能在无暴力的情况下实施。	If there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, may be carried out without violence.	no
短期内，暴力的存在和程度与其说取决于贩运的数量，不如说取决于造成有组织犯罪集团之间力量平衡不稳定的某些变化，例如非法市场规模的变化，知名罪犯的死亡或监禁，以及使一个集团弱于另一个集团的执法措施。	In the short term, the existence and extent of violence depends not so much on the amount of trafficking as on certain changes that cause instability in the balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.	no
最新趋势	Latest trends	yes
吸毒大麻是最常用的物质，类阿片危害最大	Cannabis is the most commonly used substance for drug use, and opioids are the most harmful	yes
据估计，2018年使用大麻的有 1.92 亿人，使之成为全球使用最多的毒品。	It is estimated that 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most used drug in the world.	yes
相比之下，2018年使用类阿片的有5,800万人。	In contrast, there were 58 million people who used opioids in 2018.	yes
但阿片类药物的相关危害却因使用者较少而受到忽视。	However, the related harms of opioids are ignored because there are fewer users.	yes
在2017年与吸毒病症有关的估计167,000例死亡中，有66%是这类物质造成的，在据信为吸毒导致的残疾或过早死亡而损失的2,100万年寿命中，有50%是这类物质造成的。	Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug abuse in 2017, 66% were caused by such substances, and 50% of the 21 million life span believed to have been lost due to disability or premature death caused by drug abuse was caused by such substances.	yes
合成类阿片的非医疗使用加剧了公共卫生危机	The non-medical use of synthetic opioids has exacerbated the public health crisis	yes
在西非、中部非洲和北非，加剧类阿片危机的是曲马多；在北美则是芬太尼。这两个区域在经济、人口统计数据或一般吸毒模式方面几乎没有共同点，但都在奋力抗击由容易获得且生产成本低的物质助长的类阿片危机。	In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, tramadol is exacerbating the opioid crisis; in North America, it is fentanyl.The two regions have little in common in terms of economy, demographic statistics, or general drug abuse patterns, but they are both struggling to combat the opioid crisis driven by easily available and low-cost substances.	yes
在北美，芬太尼等合成类阿片的使用导致了20年来类阿片过量致死人数增加。	In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in the number of deaths from opioid overdoses in the past 20 years.	yes
2018年，在美国登记的67,367例过量死亡中，有三分之二涉及芬太尼。	In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.	yes
加拿大也报告了类似的结果，只是数字较低。	Canada also reported similar results, but the number is lower.	no
芬太尼导致过量死亡的部分原因是非法药物市场上的芬太尼药效不可预测。	Part of the reason for overdose deaths caused by fentanyl is the unpredictable efficacy of fentanyl on the illegal drug market.	no
在西非、中部非洲和北非，非医疗用途曲马多的市场已有大幅增长。	In West Africa, Central Africa and North Africa, the market for tramadol for non-medical purposes has grown significantly.	no
在该区域，接受治疗的曲马多使用病症患者越来越多。	In this region, more and more patients with tramadol use disorders are receiving treatment.	no
2017年，全球截获的曲马多数量显著增加，达到125吨以上的峰值。	In 2017, the number of tramadol intercepted worldwide increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.	no
但2018年，在印度通过一项监管曲马多的新法律之后，全球缉获量降至32吨。	But in 2018, after India passed a new law regulating tramadol, global seizures fell to 32 tons.	no
促成这两地危机的是制造简单和生产成本低，此外还有对曲马多和许多芬太尼类似物或其前体缺乏国际监管。	What contributed to the crises in these two places was the simplicity of manufacturing and low production costs, in addition to the lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogues or their precursors.	no
使这两地危机恶化的是这些物质在药品市场和非法市场上都有供应，因而更加难以发现和防止其滥用。	What makes the crisis in these two places worse is that these substances are available in both the drug market and the illegal market, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.	no
兴奋剂使用不断增多	The use of stimulants is increasing	no
兴奋剂领域以可卡因和甲基苯丙胺为主，这两种物质在其主要市场的使用量都在上升。	The field of stimulants is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, and the use of these two substances in their main markets is on the rise.	no
2018年使用可卡因的约有1,900万人，因为可卡因在北美和西欧颇为流行。	About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, because cocaine is quite popular in North America and Western Europe.	no
同年使用苯丙胺的约有2,700万人，其中甲基苯丙胺是东南亚和北美使用最多的苯丙胺类兴奋剂。	In the same year, about 27 million people used amphetamines, of which methamphetamine was the most used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.	no
根据所掌握的多数指标，20年来这两个区域甲基苯丙胺的使用一直在扩大。	According to most indicators available, the use of methamphetamine in these two regions has been expanding for 20 years.	no
在一些市场上，可卡因和甲基苯丙胺可以共存，有时是相互替代，这样一种药物的使用量上升时另一种药物的使用量就下降，有时是同时增加和减少以满足同一市场的需求。	In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes replacing each other, so that when the use of one drug rises, the use of the other drops, sometimes increasing and decreasing at the same time to meet the demand of the same market.	no
新冠肺炎使注射吸毒者的风险增高	New crown pneumonia increases the risk of injecting drug users	no
据估计，2018年注射吸毒的约有1,130万人，全球艾滋病毒感染约有10%是注射吸毒造成的。	It is estimated that there were about 11.3 million people who used injecting drugs in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drugs.	no
注射吸毒者感染艾滋病毒的超过100万人，患丙型肝炎的有550万人。	There are more than 1 million people infected with HIV by injecting drug users and 5.5 million people suffering from hepatitis C.	no
2017年，因吸毒死亡的约有 58.5万人，其中一半死于丙型肝炎引起的肝病，而注射吸毒者的丙型肝炎大多仍未得到治疗。	In 2017, there were about 585,000 deaths due to drug abuse, half of which died of liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and most of the hepatitis C of injecting drug users has still not been treated.	no
5 新冠肺炎限制措施造成的类阿片短缺可能导致使用者代之以酒精或苯二氮类药物等更容易获得的物质，或者将类阿片与合成药物混合。	5The shortage of opioids caused by the restrictive measures of the new crown pneumonia may cause users to replace more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or mix opioids with synthetic drugs.	no
随着一些使用者改用注射或更频繁地注射，可能会出现更多有害的使用方式。	As some users switch to injections or inject more frequently, more harmful uses may occur.	no
Redmi AirDots 2 真无线蓝牙耳机	Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset	yes
使用说明书	Instruction manual	yes
产品介绍	Product introduction	yes
使用产品前请仔细阅读本说明书，并妥善保管。	Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it safe.	yes
耳机本身配带中号耳帆，如有了觉不适过以要底文二融小虽机外。	The headset itself is equipped with a medium-sized ear fan. If you feel uncomfortable, you must have a small background text, although it is outside the machine.	yes
01 佩戴耳机	01 Wear headphones	yes
将耳帐斜向下轻轻塞入耳道，以轻摆头部耳机不田动为家。	Gently insert the ear tent diagonally down into the ear canal, so as to gently swing the head and the earphones do not move.	yes
通话时，将耳机麦克风朝向嘴部可使通话更清晰。	During a call, facing the headset microphone towards the mouth can make the call clearer.	yes
司人改通话时请注意调整耳机露出麦克风	When the company changes the call, please pay attention to adjust the headset to expose the microphone.	yes
充电开机使用前，请先撕掉左右耳机充各点处的网几，将充电盒及耳机充满电。	Before charging and turning on for use, please tear off the nets at the charging points of the left and right earphones, and fully charge the charging case and earphones.	yes
插入充电线可同时给耳机和充电盒充电。	Plug in the charging cable to charge the headset and the charging case at the same time.	no
充电盒未充满电充电指示灯红灯长亮，充满电后充电:3 指示灯熄灭。	The charging case is not fully charged, the charging indicator light is red for a long time, and the charging: 3 indicator light goes off after it is fully charged.	no
耳机充电中，耳机指示灯红灯长亮，耳机充满电,和其机指示灯白灯长亮 1 分钟后熄灭。	While the headset is charging, the red light of the headset indicator light is on for a long time, the headset is fully charged, and the white light of the machine indicator light is on for a long time and goes off after 1 minute.	no
02充电合开机	02 Charging and turning on	no
耳机在充电盒内，从充电盒中拿出耳机自动开机。	The headset is in the charging case, take out the headset from the charging case and turn it on automatically.	no
耳机不在充电盒内且已关机，长按多功能键约 1 秒(白灯长亮1秒)。	The headset is not in the charging case and is turned off. Press and hold the multi-function button for about 1 second (the white light is on for 1 second).	no
长按约 1 秒	Press and hold for about 1 second	no
白灯长亮 1 秒	The white light is on for 1 second	no
关机	Shut down	no
放入充电盒中，耳机自动关机。	Put it in the charging case and the headset will automatically turn off.	no
开机状态下,长按多功能键约 5 秒(红灯长亮2 秒)	In the boot state, press and hold the multi-function button for about 5 seconds (the red light is on for 2 seconds)	no
一长按约 5 秒	Press and hold for about 5 seconds	no
人红灯长亮 2 机	People, red light, long light, 2 machines	no
03 开始使用	03 Start using	no
自动连接: 局对移两只耳机从充时盒外十.	Automatic connection: Shift the two earphones from the outside of the charging box to ten.	no
两只哥术自动开级,白灯亮起.	The two brother skills automatically turn on the level, and the white light is on.	no
随后红和白灯恢六. 左右囊如自过串联 .	Then the red and white lights returned to six. The left and right sacs are like self-crossing in series.	no
待左/右耳机白灯懈 闪时. 打开设备否牙搜索 “RedmIArDots2 "并点击完连溶。	When the white light of the left/right earphone flashes. Open the device, search for “RedmIArDots2" and click the link.	no
首次连接后. 囊志开机可自动回连上一次配对设备(蓝牙需开启)。	After the first connection. Saczhi can automatically connect back to the last paired device when it is turned on (Bluetooth needs to be turned on).	no
注意:	note:	no
如果连接失败, 将耳机放回充电盒. 重复上述动作。	If the connection fails, put the headset back in the charging box. Repeat the above actions.	no
长按约 1 秒开机	Press and hold for about 1 second to turn on	no
耳机指示灯	Earphone indicator light	no
单耳 / 双耳自由切换; 两只耳机连接成功后即为双丁连接; 将任一耳机放回充电盒关机, 另一只耳机进入单耳模式, 重新取出即可自动恢复双耳模式 。	Switch freely between single-ear/binaural; after the two earphones are successfully connected, the binaural connection is made; put either earphone back into the charging box and turn off, the other earphone enters the single-ear mode, and the binaural mode can be automatically restored by removing it again.	no
手动连接: 在耳机关机时, 将两只耳机手动开机. 白灯亮起, 随后红白灯快闪, 左右耳机自动串联, 待左 / 右耳机白灯慢闪, 打开设备 蓝牙搜索连接 。	Manual connection: When the earphones are turned off, manually turn on the two earphones. The white light lights up, then the red and white lights flash quickly, and the left and right earphones are automatically connected in series. When the white light of the left/right earphones flashes slowly, turn on the device's Bluetooth search connection.	no
耳机重置	Headset reset	no
如果耳机无法正常连接使用，请参照以下方式重置	If the headset cannot be connected and used normally, please refer to the following method to reset	no
耳机: 将耳机拿出充电盒， 在关机状态下， 分别长按两只耳机多功能键15 秒 ，至红白灯交替闪烁3 次后，松开并放回充电盒即可(清除耳机与手机的连授记录)。	Earphones: Take out the earphones from the charging case, and when the earphones are turned off, press and hold the multi-function buttons of the two earphones for 15 seconds, until the red and white lights blink alternately 3 times, release and put them back in the charging case. (Clear the connection record between the earphones and the mobile phone).	no
04说明书中的产品配件、用户界面等插图均为示意图, 仅供参考由于产品的更新和升级, 产品实物与示意图可能略有差异, 请以实物为准 。	04 The illustrations of product accessories, user interfaces, etc. in the manual are all schematic diagrams. They are for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the schematic diagram. Please refer to the actual product.	no
委托方: 小米通讯技术有限公司	Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.	no
制造商: 重庆市前行科技有限公司	Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co., Ltd.	no
(小米生态链企业)	(Xiaomi Ecological Chain Enterprise)	no
地址: 重庆市铜梁区蒲吕街道产业大道60号	Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongliang District, Chongqing	no
拥务电话: 400-100-5678	Customer service hotline: 400-100-5678	no
本严操的相关信息请查询销售网 : www micom	For information about this strict operation, please check the sales network: www micom	no
焙明书瞩本唱: V10reae	Baking book, this book sings: V10reae	no
功能要点	Functional points	yes
以下功能左右耳机均可操作, 轻按一下来电时，接听电话; 通话或去电中，挂断电话音乐时，播放 /暂停音频 ,长按约1 秒释放	The following functions can be operated on the left and right earphones. When you tap on an incoming call, answer the call; during a call or outgoing call, when you hang up the phone and music, play /pause the audio, and press and hold for about 1 second to release	yes
来电时，拒听电话通话时，切换至耳机 /手机听简双击	When calling, when you refuse to listen to the phone call, switch to the headset / mobile phone to listen to Jane. Double-click	yes
通话中，开局 /关闭 静音模式	During a call, start /turn off silent mode	yes
待机时， 开启语音助手(需设备支持语音功能且打开快速唤醒设置)	When standby, turn on the voice assistant (the device needs to support the voice function and turn on the quick wake-up setting)	yes
接听第二个来电并切换通话	Answer the second call and switch the call	yes
手机通话中有新的来电时,单击多功能键可保持上一个通话、接听第二个来电; 双击多功能键可切换两个通话。	When there is a new call in a mobile phone call, click the multi-function button to keep the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the multi-function button to switch between the two calls.	yes
基本参数	Basic parameters	yes
产品名称 :Redmi AirDots 2 真无线蓝牙耳机	Product name: Redmi AirDots 2 true Wireless Bluetooth headset	yes
产品型号 :TWSEJO61LS	Product model: TWSEJO61LS	yes
耳机基本参数	Basic parameters of headphones	no
产品尺寸: 26.65x16.4x216mm	Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm	no
电池容量: 43mAh(单耳机)	Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)	no
输入参数:5V 二 100mA	Input parameters: 5V two 100mA	no
单耳净重: 约 4.1g	Net weight of single ear: about 4.1g	no
电池类型: 锂离子聚合物	Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer	no
电池通讯距离: 10米(无障碍空辽环境)	Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free air environment)	no
无线连接:蓝牙 5 0	Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5 0	no
充电时间: 约 1.5小时 HFP/A2DP/ HSP/AVRCP	Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP	no
通话时间 : 约 4小时 CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611	Talk time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611	no
待机时间 : 约 150小时	Standby time: about 150 hours	no
05 注意事项	05 Precautions	no
警告	warning	no
1 请勿以任何理由拆开.维修或改装耳机, 否则可能会导致起火甚至彻底损坏本产品;	1 Please do not disassemble it for any reason.Repair or modify the headset, otherwise it may cause a fire or even completely damage this product;	no
2 请勿将设备置于温度过低或过高的环境下;	2 Do not place the equipment in an environment where the temperature is too low or too high;	no
3 使用设备指示灯时, 请避开儿童或动物的眼睛;	3 When using the device indicator light, please avoid the eyes of children or animals;	no
4 请勿在雷暴天气下使用该设备, 雷暴可导致设备工作异常, 并增加触电的危险;	4 Please do not use the equipment in thunderstorm weather. Thunderstorms can cause abnormal operation of the equipment and increase the risk of electric shock.;	no
5 请勿使用酒精或其他挥发性液体擦拭本产品;	5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product;	no
6 请勿将本产品与液体接触。	6 Do not bring this product into contact with liquids.	no
注意	note	yes
1.若产品超过两个星期未使用, 建议使用前先对产品进行充电;	1.If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;	yes
2 必须选择正规厂家生产的经过国家 CCC 认证的充电器	2 You must choose a charger produced by a regular manufacturer that has been certified by the national CCC	yes
3 长时间连续使用耳机有损听力,请合理控制使用时间及音量 ;	3 Prolonged continuous use of headphones is detrimental to hearing, please control the use time and volume reasonably ;	yes
4 使用耳机会降低对外界声音的感知力, 请不要在可能威胁到安全的环境中使用耳机。	4 The use of headphones will reduce the perception of external sounds. Please do not use headphones in environments that may threaten safety.	yes
充电盒基本参数	Basic parameters of the charging case	yes
产品尺寸: 62x40x272mm	Product size: 62x40x272mm	yes
输入参数:5 一 500mA	Input parameters: 5 to 500mA	yes
输出参数: 5V 一 150mA	Output parameters: 5V to 150mA	yes
充电时间: 约 2 小时	Charging time: about 2 hours	yes
电池穿量: 300mAh	Battery life: 300mAh	no
电闻类型: 锂离子聚合物电池	Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer battery	no
06 Redmi AirDots 2 真无线蓝牙耳机产品保修说明	06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty Description	no
Redmi AirDots 2 真无线蓝牙耳机产品售后服务严格	Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product after-sales service is strict	no
依据人《中华人民共和国消费者权益保护法》、《中华人民共和国产品质量法》实行售后三包服务, 服务内容如下:	In accordance with the "Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests" and the "Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China", the after-sales three-pack service is implemented. The service content is as follows:	no
一、保修政策	1. Warranty policy	no
1 自您签收次日起7 日内, 本产品出现《Redmi AirDots 真无线蓝牙耳机产品性能故障表》所列性能故障的情况, 经由小米售后服务中心检测确定, 可免费享受退货或换货服务;	1 Within 7 days from the day after you sign for it, this product has the performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", which has been tested and determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, and you can enjoy the return or exchange service for free.;	no
2 自您签收次日起 8 日-15日内, 本产品出现《Redmi AirDots 2 ee E 故障表》所列性能故障的情况, 经由小米售后服务中心检测确 定, 可	2 Within 8-15 days from the day after you sign for it, this product has the performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Fault Table", which has been tested and determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center.	no
3 自您签收次日起 12 个月内, 本产品出现《Redmi ArDots 2 真无线蓝牙耳机产品性能故障表》所列性能故障的情况, 经由小米售后服务中心检测确定, 可免费享受维修服务。	3 Within 12 months from the day after you sign for it, this product has the performance failure listed in the "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", which has been tested and determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, and can enjoy free maintenance services.	no
一 Redmi AirDots 2 真无线蓝牙耳机产品性能故障表	A Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product performance fault table	no
名称性能故障	Name performance failure	no
1 使用过程中听不到声音 。	1 No sound can be heard during use.	no
电牙耳机 ”2 通话过程中，对方听不到声音。	Electric tooth headset "2 During the call, the other party can't hear the sound.	no
了无法充电。	It cannot be charged.	no
07 非保修条例	07 Non-warranty regulations	no
1 未经授权的维修、误用、碰撞、朴忽、小用、进液、事故、改动、不正确的使用非本产品配件或撕毁、涂改标贴、防伪标记;	1 Unauthorized maintenance, misuse, collision, neglect, minor use, liquid intake, accident, alteration, incorrect use of non-product accessories or tearing, alteration of labels, anti-counterfeiting marks;	no
2 已超过三包有效期;	2 The validity period of the three packs has been exceeded;	no
3 因不可抗力造成的损坏;	3 Damage caused by force majeure;	no
4 不符合《Redmi AirDots 2 真无线蓝牙耳机产品性能故障表》所列性能故障的情况	4 Does not meet the performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table"	no
5 因人为原因导致本产品及其配件产生《Redmi AirDots 2 真无线蓝牙耳机产品性能故障表》所列性能故障。	5 Due to human reasons, this product and its accessories have the performance faults listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table".	no
产品中有害物质的名称及含量	The name and content of hazardous substances in the product	no
有害物质 是本表格依据 SJ/T 11364 的规定编制 。	Hazardous substances are prepared in this form in accordance with the provisions of SJ/T 11364.	no
O: 表示该有害物质在该部件所有均质材料中的含量均在 GB/T 26572 规定的限量要求以下。	O: It means that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit specified in GB/T 26572.	no
欧盟峰会为难民政策争论，欧盟官员：接收过程步步瓶颈-中新网	The EU summit is in a difficult policy debate, EU officials: The receiving process is a bottleneck step by step- <url>	yes
欧盟峰会为难民政策争吵不休，欧盟官员：接收过程每一步都存在瓶颈	The EU summit quarreled over refugee policy endlessly. EU officials: There are bottlenecks at every step of the reception process.	yes
【环球时报驻比利时特派记者 牛瑞飞】据法新社2月10日报道，在当天最新的一次欧盟峰会上，欧盟委员会主席冯德莱恩表示，欧盟领导人同意就非法移民问题出台更严格的政策，以此更易于驱逐非法移民。	[Niu Ruifei, special correspondent of the Global Times in Belgium] According to a report by Agence France-Presse on February 10, at the latest EU summit that day, European Commission President Von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration to make it easier to expel illegal immigrants.	yes
据报道，欧盟此举是对欧洲日益增长的非法移民问题关注的回应，如今，欧盟的核心问题在于，最终能被遣返的非法移民人数很少。	According to reports, the EU's move is a response to Europe's growing concern about illegal immigration. Today, the core problem of the EU is that the number of illegal immigrants who can eventually be returned is very small.	yes
根据峰会文件，欧盟领导人呼吁委员会“立即调动大量欧盟资金”，以基础设施和监视等手段加强外部边界。	According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to “immediately mobilize a large amount of EU funds” to strengthen external borders through infrastructure and surveillance.	yes
然而，欧盟与各成员国就围栏费用支付等问题争吵不休。	However, the EU and member states quarreled endlessly on issues such as the payment of fence fees.	yes
冯德莱恩一再表示，欧盟资金不会支付相关费用。	Von der Leyen has repeatedly stated that EU funds will not pay for related expenses.	yes
但一些成员国的外交官员称，如果欧盟能分担外部边界沿线安装摄像头、瞭望塔和其他基础设施的部分，这将给各国腾出国家预算从而加快建设进程。	But diplomats from some member states said that if the EU can share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along its external borders, it will free up national budgets for countries to speed up the construction process.	yes
欧洲Euractiv网站称，欧盟官员承认，难民接收过程每一步都存在瓶颈，有限的接收能力和成员国不堪重负的移民当局无法阻止难民在欧盟各国提交“无数”庇护申请，欧盟的难民接收系统处于近乎“永久性的危机”中。	According to the European Euractivity website, EU officials admit that there are bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process. The limited reception capacity and the overwhelmed immigration authorities of member states cannot prevent refugees from submitting “countless” asylum applications in EU countries, and the EU's refugee reception system is in an almost “permanent crisis.”	yes
据欧盟委员会估计，欧盟的申根国家去年收到超92万份庇护申请，比前一年增加近半。	According to estimates by the European Commission, the EU's Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half over the previous year.	yes
与此同时，欧盟去年记录到超 33万次非法入境。	At the same time, the European Union recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.	no
在该背景下，此次峰会还就一项“原则”达成协议，即欧盟国家可根据另一个成员国的法院判决将非法移民遣返回国。	In this context, the summit also reached an agreement on a “principle” that EU countries can return illegal immigrants to their countries in accordance with a court decision of another member state.	no
此外，报道称，欧盟领导人还同意“增加对安全国家概念的使用”，这将为欧盟制定共同清单开辟道路。	In addition, the report said that EU leaders also agreed to “increase the use of the concept of a safe country,” which will open the way for the EU to develop a common list.	no
(来源：环球时报 作者：牛瑞飞)	(Source: Global Times Author: Niu Ruifei)	no
美国升级“芯片战”重创全球半导体产业-中新网	The U.S. upgrades the "chip war” and hits the global semiconductor industry hard- <url>	yes
最近，美国对华“芯片战”大有升级之势——先是荷兰、日本两国在美国施压下，同意启动对华半导体制造设备出口的管制；后有外媒报道，美国政府正考虑切断美国供应商与华为公司之间的所有联系，禁止美国供应商向华为提供任何产品；拜登政府还准备公布一项行政命令，限制美国对敏感的中国科技行业的投资……2023年开年不久，美国在遏制中国半导体相关产业发展上就恶招不断。	Recently, the “chip war” between the United States and China has greatly upgraded-first, the Netherlands and Japan, under pressure from the United States, agreed to initiate controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; later, foreign media reported that the U.S. government is considering cutting off all ties between U.S. suppliers and Huawei and prohibiting U.S. suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to announce an executive order to restrict U.S. investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries...Soon after the start of the new year in 2023, the United States will continue to make bad moves in curbing the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.	yes
近年来，美国打击中国“芯”发展的动作从未停歇，一边精准打压对华半导体产供链，一边构建“去中国化”的半导体产业链联盟，图谋在先进半导体产业上彻底“甩开”中国。	In recent years, the United States has never stopped its actions to combat the development of China's “core”. While accurately suppressing the semiconductor production and supply chain to China, it has built a “de-sinicized” semiconductor industry chain alliance, aiming to completely “get rid” of China in the advanced semiconductor industry. China.	yes
无论是拉拢韩国建立“技术同盟”，还是与韩国、日本和中国台湾地区建立芯片“四方联盟”，亦或借由美日印澳“四边机制”“印太经济框架”等机制建立半导体产业链“小圈子”，美国通过把政治化、阵营化、武器化的手段引入半导体产业，企图搭建美国主导的封闭产供链循环，从而弥补其在芯片制造领域的短板，维护其在全球芯片产业的优势地位。	Whether it is to win over South Korea to establish a “technological alliance”, to establish a chip “quartet alliance” with South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, China, or to establish a “small circle” of the semiconductor industry chain through mechanisms such as the “four-sided mechanism” of the United States, Japan, India and Australia, and the “Indo-Pacific Economic Framework”, the United States has introduced politicization, campization, and weaponization into the semiconductor industry in an attempt to build a closed production and supply chain cycle led by the United States, thereby making up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintaining its dominant position in the global chip industry.	yes
然而，美国大张旗鼓的对华“芯战术”，也是“伤敌一千自损八百”。	However, the “core tactics” of the United States against China with great fanfare are also “hurting the enemy by one thousand and self-harming by eight hundred.”	yes
最近，美国知名芯片制造设备供应商泛林集团宣布，受最新一轮对华芯片制造设备出口禁令影响，集团将解雇1300名全职员工，未来两个季度还计划解雇1400名临时员工。	Recently, Panlin Group, a well-known chip manufacturing equipment supplier in the United States, announced that due to the latest round of export bans on chip manufacturing equipment to China, the group will lay off 1,300 full-time employees, and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.	yes
全球光刻机巨头荷兰阿斯麦控股公司最近警告，禁止向中国出口半导体制造设备，可能导致半导体价格上涨。	The global lithography machine giant Asma Holding Company of the Netherlands recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China may lead to higher semiconductor prices.	yes
美媒分析，在美国政府对中国芯片和半导体等行业实施蛮横打压后，许多美国公司深受其害，包括电子设计自动化工具开发商、芯片设计商、晶圆制造设备生产商、芯片制造商本身等。	According to US media analysis, after the US government implemented an outrageous crackdown on China's chip and semiconductor industries, many American companies have suffered greatly, including electronic design automation tool developers, chip designers, wafer manufacturing equipment manufacturers, chip manufacturers themselves, etc.	yes
美国所谓打压中国先进半导体产业，却把全球半导体产业链、供应链拖下了水。	The so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry by the United States has dragged the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain down.	yes
半导体产业是高技术和知识密集型产业，早已形成联系紧密的全球半导体产业链。	The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and a closely linked global semiconductor industry chain has long been formed.	yes
据专业人士估算，基于专业化分工，半导体产品的整个生产过程需要跨越各国边境70次以上，全程达到100天。	According to professional estimates, based on the professional division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross the borders of various countries more than 70 times, and the whole process reaches 100 days.	no
尽管美国半导体产业基础较强，但在制造能力特别是先进制程工艺上较为薄弱，严重依赖东亚地区。	Although the U.S. semiconductor industry has a strong foundation, it is relatively weak in manufacturing capabilities, especially advanced process technology, and relies heavily on East Asia.	no
即便美国极力引导先进芯片产供链转向美国主导的“小圈子”区域化发展，但全球半导体相关产业的地区分布和相互依赖局面很难被改变。	Even if the United States tries its best to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to the regionalization of the “small circle” led by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor-related industries are difficult to change.	no
美国强力“重塑”“去中国化”的半导体产业链，重创全球半导体产业。	The United States has vigorously "reshaped” and "de-sinicized" the semiconductor industry chain, which has hit the global semiconductor industry hard.	no
芯片是全球未来产业的核心，芯片产业的发展离不开全球各国共同参与。	Chips are the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry is inseparable from the joint participation of countries around the world.	no
近年来，美国采取一系列单边行动，相继出台《创新与竞争法案》《2022年美国竞争法案》《芯片和科学法案》，利用科技霸权，巩固本国技术领先优势；对盟友“恩威并施”，诱逼英特尔、台积电、三星等芯片制造企业赴美设厂，极力确保美国在芯片领域的全球领导地位。	In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively introducing the “Innovation and Competition Act”, "U.S. Competition Act of 2022" and "Chip and Science Act" to take advantage of technological hegemony and consolidate its own technological leadership; "Enmity and coercion" to its allies, inducing Intel, TSMC, Samsung and other chip manufacturing companies to set up factories in the United States, and strive to ensure the United States' global leadership in the chip field.	no
短期看，美国确实给中国的芯片产业及相关产业发展制造了麻烦，收获了现实利益。	In the short term, the United States has indeed caused trouble for the development of China's chip industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.	no
但长期看，美国歇斯底里地打压，倒逼中国芯片产业不断突破，让自己失去了巨大的中国市场，最终会极大削弱美国科技企业的创新意愿和创新能力，损害全球芯片产业发展。	However, in the long run, the United States has suppressed hysterically, forcing the Chinese chip industry to continue to break through, causing itself to lose the huge Chinese market, which will eventually greatly weaken the innovation willingness and innovation ability of American technology companies, and harm the development of the global chip industry.	no
高 乔	Gaucho	no
首批个人养老金理财产品开售 最短可只持有360天-中新网	The first batch of personal pension wealth management products are on sale and can only be held for a minimum of 360 days- <url>	yes
首批个人养老金理财产品开售	The first batch of personal pension wealth management products went on sale	yes
家机构的7只产品可选 最短可只持有360天	The 7 products of this organization are optional and can only be held for a minimum of 360 days.	yes
个人养老金理财产品终于上线了。	Personal pension wealth management products are finally online.	yes
2月10日，中国理财网发布首批个人养老金理财产品名单，工银理财、农银理财和中邮理财的7只个人养老金理财产品正式发售。	On February 10th, <url> released the list of the first batch of personal pension wealth management products, and seven personal pension wealth management products of ICBC Financial Management, ABCI Financial Management and China Post Financial Management were officially launched.	yes
至此，个人养老金账户的“货架”终于集齐个人养老金储蓄、个人养老金理财、个人养老金保险、个人养老金公募基金四类产品。	At this point, the “shelves” of personal pension accounts have finally gathered four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension financial management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public fund.	yes
据介绍，首批个人养老金理财产品，全部为公募类净值型开放式产品，其中新发产品5只、存续产品2只，除1只产品为混合类产品外，其余6只产品均为固定收益类产品。	According to reports, the first batch of personal pension wealth management products are all public equity-type open-ended products, including 5 newly issued products and 2 surviving products. Except for 1 product, which is a mixed product, the remaining 6 products are all fixed income products.	yes
北京青年报记者看到，5只新发产品中有4只来自工银理财，全部是固定收益类产品，最短持有期限分别为365天、540天、720天和1080天，对应的业绩比较基准(年化)分别为3.70 % - 4.20 % 、 4.10 % - 4.60 % 、 4.40 % - 4.90 % 、 5.25 % - 5.75 % 。	Reporters from Beijing Youth Daily saw that 4 of the 5 newly issued products came from ICBC Financial Management, all of which were fixed income products. The minimum holding periods were 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, respectively, and the corresponding performance comparison benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70 % - 4.20 % 、 4.10 % - 4.60 % 、 4.40 % - 4.90 % 、 5.25 % - 5.75 % 。	yes
剩余一只新发产品是“邮银财富添颐·鸿锦最短持有1095 天 1 号 ” ， 也是固定收益类产品，2月10日开始募集，2月19日结束募集，风险等级为二级。	The remaining newly issued product is "Postbank Wealth Tianyi*Hongjin Minimum Holding No. 1 for 1095 Days"” which is also a fixed income product. It began to be raised on February 10 and ended on February 19. The risk level is Level 2.	yes
两只存续产品中，一只是农银理财“农银同心·灵动”360天科技创新人民币理财产品，投资性质为混合类，风险等级为三级。	Among the two surviving products, one is the 360-day scientific and technological innovation RMB wealth management product of ABCI Financial Management “ABCI Concentric·Smart”. The investment nature is mixed and the risk level is Level 3.	yes
另一只存续产品是“邮银财富添颐·鸿锦最短持有365 天 1 号 ” ， 固定收益类型，去年12月30日开始募集，今年1月4日正式运作，2月8日的累计净值为1.0011。	Another surviving product is "Postbank Wealth Tianyi*Hongjin Minimum Holding 365 Days No. 1", a fixed income type, which started raising on December 30 last year and officially operated on January 4 this year. The cumulative net worth on February 8 was 1.0011.	no
根据《国务院办公厅关于推动个人养老金发展的意见 》 ， 个人养老金资金账户资金可投资的金融产品包括银行理财、储蓄存款、商业养老保险、公募基金等。	According to the "Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Personal Pensions", the financial products that can be invested in personal pension fund accounts include bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, public equity funds, etc.	no
首批个人养老金理财产品发售，标志着个人养老金投资者可正式通过个人养老金资金账户购买理财产品。	The first batch of personal pension wealth management products are on sale, marking that personal pension investors can officially purchase wealth management products through personal pension fund accounts.	no
去年11月银保监会制定了《商业银行和理财公司个人养老金业务管理暂行办法 》 。	In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the "Interim Measures for the Management of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies".	no
《办法》规定，参加人可以通过个人养老金资金账户购买个人养老储蓄、个人养老金理财产品、个人养老金保险产品、个人养老金公募基金产品等个人养老金产品。	The "Measures" stipulate that participants can purchase personal pension savings, personal pension wealth management products, personal pension insurance products, personal pension public fund products and other personal pension products through their personal pension fund accounts.	no
随后，人社部、财政部、国家税务总局三部门发布通知，明确个人养老金制度在北京、天津，以及河北石家庄、雄安新区，山西晋城市等36个先行城市和地区启动实施。	Subsequently, the three departments of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Affairs, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice clarifying that the personal pension system will be implemented in 36 leading cities and regions such as Beijing and Tianjin, as well as Shijiazhuang, Xiong'an New District, Hebei, and Jincheng City, Shanxi.	no
截至2022年底，个人养老金参加人数1954万人，缴费人数613万人，总缴费金额142亿元。	By the end of 2022, the number of participants in personal pensions was 19.54 million, the number of contributors was 6.13 million, and the total contribution amount was 14.2 billion yuan.	no
此前，参与试点的银行只上架了个人养老储蓄、个人养老金保险产品和个人养老金公募基金三类产品。	Previously, the banks participating in the pilot only listed three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products, and personal pension public funds.	no
如今，个人养老金理财产品也聚齐之后，投资者该如何选择？	Nowadays, after personal pension wealth management products are also gathered, how should investors choose?	no
交银理财产品研发部专家表示，相比其他个人养老金产品，试点阶段的养老理财产品和个人养老金理财产品均具有三方面的特点。	Experts from the Research and Development department of Wealth management products of the Bank of Communications said that compared with other personal pension products, the pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products in the pilot phase have three characteristics.	no
一是稳健性，风险管理机制更加健全，投资策略和理念更为稳健，并实施非母行第三方独立托管。	First, robustness, a more sound risk management mechanism, a more robust investment strategy and philosophy, and the implementation of independent escrow by a third party other than the parent bank.	no
二是长期性，试点阶段养老理财产品的期限都在5年及以上，下一步发行的个人养老金理财产品，最短持有期原则上为1年，鼓励持有3年以上。	The second is the long-term nature. The term of pension wealth management products in the pilot phase is 5 years and above. In principle, the minimum holding period for personal pension wealth management products issued in the next step is 1 year, and it is encouraged to hold for more than 3 years.	no
三是普惠性，产品购买门槛低，起购点一般为1元，有的低至0.01元，产品的托管费、管理费等费率更加优惠。	The third is universality. The threshold for product purchase is low. The starting point of purchase is generally 1 yuan, and some are as low as 0.01 yuan. The escrow fee, management fee and other rates of the product are more favorable.	no
专业人士指出，投资者要根据产品特点和自己的风险承受能力进行选择。	Professionals pointed out that investors should choose based on product characteristics and their own risk tolerance.	no
个人养老金储蓄具有期限较长、利率较高、安全性高的特点，适合风险承受能力弱的人群；个人养老金保险产品重在保障，比较适合无法承担投资风险，可以接受稳定收益的人群；而个人养老金理财产品和公募基金产品不保本也不保收益，有一定投资风险，但预期收益较高，适合具备一定的金融知识、风险承担能力较高的人群。	Personal pension savings have the characteristics of long maturity, high interest rates, and high security, and are suitable for people with weak risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products focus on protection, which is more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; and personal pension wealth management products and public fund products do not protect capital or income, there is a certain investment risk, but the expected return is higher, and it is suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk-taking ability.	no
文/本报记者 程婕 统筹/池海波	Text/Co-ordinated by our reporter Cheng Jie/Chi Haibo	no
健身行业应摆脱信任危机-中新网	The fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust- <url>	yes
又一大型健身房“暴雷”？	Another large gym "thunderstorm"?	yes
近日，知名健身机构中健健身会员维权问题引起社会关注。	Recently, the issue of rights protection of members of Zhongjian Fitness, a well-known fitness institution, has attracted social attention.	yes
春节后不少会员发现自己所在门店没有正常营业，随后，关于该机构倒闭跑路的传闻引起会员恐慌，导致公安、人社部门介入。	After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not open normally. Subsequently, rumors about the closure of the organization caused panic among members, leading to the intervention of the public security and human resources departments.	yes
最后，该机构相关负责人出面回应，承诺会努力保障好员工和会员的合法权益，风波才得以平息。	Finally, the relevant person in charge of the organization responded and promised to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members before the storm could subside.	yes
个别健身机构的部分门店出现经营问题，暂时关闭，消费者本可心平气和等待问题解决，为何不少会员的第一反应是“大事不妙”？	Some stores of individual fitness institutions had operating problems and were temporarily closed. Consumers could have calmed down and waited for the problem to be resolved. Why did many members' first reaction be “Something is wrong”?	yes
健身俱乐部会员维权风波背后，是行业信任危机的深层次问题。	Behind the turmoil in the rights protection of health club members is the deep-seated problem of the crisis of trust in the industry.	yes
国内传统健身房普遍采取预付费模式，“赚用户不来的钱”是其发展的底层逻辑。	Traditional domestic gyms generally adopt a prepaid model, and “making money that users can't get” is the underlying logic of their development.	yes
通过预售会员卡获取现金流，不断开新店，看似能够循环往复，实则寅吃卯粮，无法形成稳定的盈利模式。	Obtaining cash flow through pre-sale membership cards and constantly opening new stores seems to be able to cycle back and forth, but in fact, it is impossible to form a stable profit model.	yes
健身房跑路等行业负面信息频频传出，对消费者信心造成强烈冲击。	Negative information in industries such as gym running away frequently spreads, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.	yes
从市场前景看，健身房当然算得上是一门有“钱途”的好生意。	From the perspective of market prospects, gyms are of course a good business with a “money path”.	no
健身赛道虽然起起伏伏，但始终受到资本关注。	Although the fitness track has ups and downs, it has always received capital attention.	no
多项数据显示，文体消费等领域热度不断攀升，市场持续回暖。	A number of data show that the popularity of cultural and sports consumption and other fields continues to rise, and the market continues to pick up.	no
具体到健身市场，随着居民生活水平稳步提高，健康生活理念深入人心，健身行业发展大有可为。	Specific to the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards and the concept of healthy living deeply rooted in the hearts of the people, the development of the fitness industry has great potential.	no
形势越是趋好，行业越需重视发展质量。	The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.	no
然而，个别机构对消费复苏后的健身市场盲目乐观，刚从危机中走出来，又吹响开疆拓土的号角，把融资资金一股脑投入新店建设上。	However, individual institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the consumer recovery. As soon as they came out of the crisis, they sounded the horn of expanding their territory and invested their financing funds in the construction of new stores.	no
不可否认，这几年受疫情影响，不少机构退出，行业重新洗牌，有实力的企业此时选择性地加大收购力度、重新布局，未尝不是新机遇。	It is undeniable that in recent years, affected by the epidemic, many institutions have withdrawn and the industry has been reshuffled. It is not a new opportunity for powerful companies to selectively increase their acquisitions and re-layout at this time.	no
但是，健身市场发展要想进入良性循环，迈上行稳致远的康庄大道，行业就必须改变传统模式，改变经营策略。	However, if the development of the fitness market is to enter a virtuous circle and embark on a stable and far-reaching road to prosperity, the industry must change its traditional model and change its business strategy.	no
只有稳扎稳打，重新建立起消费者的信任度、安全感，才能真正赢得市场、赢得未来。	Only by fighting steadily and re-establishing consumer trust and security can we truly win the market and the future.	no
相比大建新店抢占市场，健身行业当前更需要的是沉下心来优化服务，用高质量发展来稳住用户。	Compared with Dajian Xindian to seize the market, what the fitness industry currently needs is to calm down and optimize services, and stabilize users with high-quality development.	no
首先，要靠服务留住用户。	First of all, we must rely on services to retain users.	no
健身房属于服务行业，其本质是坚持“用户导向”，要紧紧围绕用户需求，把经营重心放在服务提质升级上。	Gyms belong to the service industry. Their essence is to adhere to “user-oriented”, closely focus on user needs, and focus on service quality improvement and upgrading.	no
其次，要靠数字化转型提升用户体验。	Secondly, it is necessary to rely on digital transformation to improve the user experience.	no
比如当下流行的互联网健身房模式，实现用户按次付费和场地自选。	For example, the current popular Internet gym model realizes user pay-per-view and venue selection.	no
同时，身体数据、运动数据得以有效利用，还可以满足社交需求，实现从线上到线下完整的服务闭环。	At the same time, body data and exercise data can be effectively used, and social needs can be met, and a complete closed loop of services from online to offline can be realized.	no
没有私教推销，没有巨额年卡，用户对健身机构“跑路”的担忧降低了，信任感也就提升了。	There is no private education promotion and no huge annual card. Users' concerns about fitness institutions “running away” are reduced, and their sense of trust is increased.	no
另外，还要积极探索多元业态。	In addition, we must actively explore multiple formats.	no
如今，体育消费已经从单一服务走向场景消费，健身俱乐部有望成为消费新入口，围绕健身所需的运动补给和健身器械等周边产品或将成为新的盈利点，为消费者提供更丰富选择。	Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from a single service to scene consumption. Health clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption. Peripheral products such as sports supplies and fitness equipment needed for fitness may become new profit points, providing consumers with richer choices.	no
姜天骄	Jiang Tianjiao	no
买贵退差价！	Buy expensive and refund the difference!	yes
南京楼市再现“差价赔付”-中新网	Nanjing's property market reproduces “price difference compensation”- <url>	yes
扬子晚报讯(记者 马祚波)扬子晚报/紫牛新闻记者10日在采访中发现，十余年未见的“保价协议”又重回了南京楼市，位于江北新区的一家楼盘宣称“差价赔付”，在交房前其他房源的优惠大于之前的折扣，开发商愿意为买房人换房并退还差价。	Yangtze Evening News (Reporter Ma Zuobo) Yangtze Evening News/Zin Niu News reporter found in an interview on the 10th that the “price guarantee agreement” that has not been seen for more than ten years has returned to the Nanjing property market. A real estate in Jiangbei New District claims “price difference compensation”. Before the delivery of the house, the discount of other listings is greater than the previous discount, and the developer is willing to exchange the house for the buyer and refund the difference.	yes
“保价协议”条件可不少	There are many conditions for the "Price guarantee agreement”	yes
这家位于江北新区的楼盘名为保利扬子萃云台，看房人孙先生告诉记者，他在上周末逛楼盘时发现了一则“声明”。	This real estate in Jiangbei New District is called Poly Yangzi Cuiyuntai. The buyer, Mr. Sun, told reporters that he found a “statement” when he visited the real estate last weekend.	yes
他发给记者的图片上显示，该楼盘的开发商承诺，凡是在2月1日-2月28日期间购买房源的，自双方签订买卖合同之日起至对应房源交付，若该项目其他房源的优惠折扣大于之前购房所享折扣的(限与该商品房属于同一户型、同一楼栋、同一单元、同一物业类型的其他未售商品房)，开发商可以为购房者换房并退还差价。	The picture he sent to reporters shows that the developer of the real estate promised that anyone who purchases a listing from February 1st to February 28th will be delivered to the corresponding listing from the date of signing the sale and purchase contract between the two parties. If the discount of other listings in the project is greater than the discount enjoyed by the previous purchase (limited to other unsold commercial properties of the same type, the same building, the same unit, and the same property type as the commercial house), the developer can exchange the house for the buyer and refund the difference.	yes
孙先生表示，置业顾问表示这其实就是一份“保价协议”，目的是让买家放心出手，不用担心开发企业降价促销，“现在就怕买完了它就降价了，去售楼处闹吧没时间，不闹的话也确实窝心”。	Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this is actually a "price guarantee agreement”. The purpose is to let buyers rest assured that they don't have to worry about the price reduction and promotion of the development company. “Now I'm afraid that the price will be reduced after buying it. Go to the sales office and make trouble. There is no time. If you don't make trouble, it's really sweet.”	yes
还有不少买房人则认为，“保价协议”虽然是在给购房者吃“定心丸”，不过条件却不低。	There are also many buyers who believe that although the “price guarantee agreement” is giving buyers “peace of mind”, the conditions are not low.	yes
打算在江北买一套刚需房的郑女士说，保价的房源首先是要同一户型，还得在同一楼栋、同一个单元，买家可以比价的房源寥寥，因此“门槛”还是蛮高的。	Ms. Zheng, who plans to buy a newly needed house in Jiangbei, said that the insured listing first needs the same apartment type, but also in the same building and the same unit. There are very few listings where buyers can compare prices, so the “threshold” is still quite high.	yes
也有购房者认为，由于信息不对称，销售时不排除给出额外的让利，买家“维权”的难度不小。	Some buyers also believe that due to the asymmetry of information, additional concessions are not ruled out when selling, and it is not difficult for buyers to “defend their rights”.	yes
能否留住买房人有待观察	Whether it can retain buyers remains to be seen	no
记者在南京网上房地产上查询得知，该楼盘于去年11月首领两幢楼共计252套房源的销许，户型面积有105平方米、114平方米、129平方米等，全装修销许均价为39843元/㎡。	The reporter inquired on Nanjing online real estate and learned that the real estate received a total of 252 sales permits for the two buildings in November last year. The apartment area is 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc., and the average price of the fully renovated sales permit is 39,843 yuan/㎡.	no
不过两个多月过去，网上房地产显示目前该楼盘的未售总套数为157套，占比为62.3%，其中8号楼共计128套，未售套数达113套，7号楼的124套中也有44套未售，项目的总成交套数只有33套，占比仅为13%。	However, more than two months later, online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the real estate is currently 157, accounting for 62.3%. Among them, there are 128 units in Building 8, and the number of unsold units is 113. Of the 124 units in Building 7, 44 are unsold, and the total number of units sold in the project is only 33, accounting for only 13%.	no
市场人士介绍，“保价协议”在2008年也曾在南京出现过。	According to market sources, the “price guarantee agreement” also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.	no
当年8月份，河西黄山路上的楼盘横塘西苑为了吸引买房人眼球，推出了《保价计划》，具体内容为“公司郑重承诺，若一年内项目优惠幅度扩大，由此产生的差额，公司将按差额退还给老业主”。	In August of that year, Hengtang Xiyuan, a real estate on Huangshan Road, Hexi, launched a “Price Guarantee Plan” in order to attract the attention of buyers. The specific content is "The company solemnly promises that if the project discount is expanded within one year, the company will refund the difference to the old owner according to the difference."	no
此后2011年4月，南京也有9家楼盘拿出部分房源承诺“差价赔付”。	Since then, in April 2011, nine real estate companies in Nanjing have also taken out some of their listings and promised to “pay the difference.”	no
“楼市在回暖，此时更需要一针‘强心剂’。	“The property market is picking up, and a ‘tonic’ is needed at this time.	no
”南京地产行业一位资深操盘手沈先生表示，“保价协议”也是房企的营销方式之一。	“Mr. Shen, a senior trader in Nanjing's real estate industry, said that ”price guarantee agreement" is also one of the marketing methods of real estate companies.	no
他认为如今开发企业比买房人更需要信心，推出“保价协议”其实也是在给其打气。	He believes that nowadays, development companies need more confidence than buyers, and the launch of ”price guarantee agreements" is actually cheering them up.	no
至于能否留住买房人，他表示这取决于调控政策、贷款门槛等多重因素的影响，就目前来看仍有待观察。	As for whether he can retain buyers, he said it depends on the influence of multiple factors such as regulatory policies and loan thresholds. For now, it remains to be seen.	no
多项数据衰退 台湾经济开年表现不佳-中新网	A number of data show that Taiwan's economy performed poorly in the first year of the recession- <url>	yes
新华社台北2月11日电(记者赵博、黄扬)出口贸易额“连五黑”，制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)连续7个月紧缩，消费者物价指数(CPI)又见“3字头”……近期，台湾当局陆续发布2023年1月经济数据。	Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, February 11 (reporters Zhao Bo and Huang Yang) Export trade volume has been “black for five consecutive years”, the manufacturing purchasing managers index (PMI) has tightened for seven consecutive months, and the consumer price index (CPI) has seen the “3 prefix”... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have successively released economic data for January 2023.	yes
专家分析认为，台湾经济开年表现欠佳，增长压力不小。	Expert analysis believes that Taiwan's economy has performed poorly in the opening year, and the growth pressure is not small.	yes
据台当局财政事务主管部门公布，台湾地区今年1月出口315.1亿美元，年减21.2%，连续第5个月负增长。	According to the announcement by the competent financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities, Taiwan's exports in January this year were US331.51 billion, a decrease of 21.2% year-on-year, the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.	yes
11项主要出口货类的出口额与去年同期相比，均出现衰退。	The export volume of the 11 main export categories all declined compared with the same period last year.	yes
塑橡胶及其制品、光学器材跌幅最深，分别年减37.6%、35.7%。	Plastics, rubber and its products, and optical equipment suffered the deepest declines, down 37.6% and 35.7% year-on-year, respectively.	yes
电子零组件出口年减20.1%，创11年来最大减幅。	Exports of electronic components decreased by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decrease in 11 years.	yes
其中，集成电路年减18.3%，创14年来最大跌势。	Among them, integrated circuits decreased by 18.3% year-on-year, the largest decline in 14 years.	yes
该部门统计处长蔡美娜表示，这显示消费性电子产业需求疲弱效应扩散，电子产业进入修正期。	Cai Meina, director of statistics of the department, said that this shows that the effect of weak demand in the consumer electronics industry has spread, and the electronics industry has entered a correction period.	yes
统计显示，1月台湾地区进出口双降，出超金额仅23.4亿美元，创近3年来最低水平。	Statistics show that Taiwan's imports and exports fell in January, with an excess of only US22.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.	yes
台当局财政事务主管部门认为，全球终端需求减少，产业调整库存抑制厂商购料意愿，出口颓势短期难见改善，台湾今年首季出口衰退恐高于预期。	The competent financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities believes that the decline in global terminal demand and the adjustment of industrial inventories have suppressed manufacturers' willingness to purchase materials. The export decline is difficult to see an improvement in the short term. Taiwan's export decline in the first quarter of this year may be higher than expected.	no
据台湾中华经济研究院发布，今年1月台湾制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)经季节调整后为40.4%，较去年12月续跌3.3个百分点，连续7个月紧缩。	According to the release of the China Institute of Economic Research of Taiwan, the Taiwan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) was 40.4% seasonally adjusted in January this year, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, and it has been tightening for seven consecutive months.	no
经济监测指标体系中，PMI以50%为荣枯线，指数大于50%，代表景气扩张，反之为紧缩。	In the economic monitoring index system, the PMI takes 50% as the prosperity and dry line, and the index is greater than 50%, which represents the expansion of the boom, and vice versa is contraction.	no
1月台湾PMI五项组成指标中，新增订单、生产与人力雇佣紧缩，供应商交货时间下降，存货紧缩。	Among the five constituent indicators of Taiwan's PMI in January, new orders, production and manpower employment tightened, supplier delivery times fell, and inventory tightened.	no
六大产业全数回报PMI紧缩，各产业依紧缩速度排序为电力暨机械设备产业(35.1%)、电子暨光学产业(35.2%)、化学暨生技医疗产业(39.2%)、基础原物料产业(42.4%)、交通工具产业(42.6%)与食品暨纺织产业(45.7%)。	The six major industries all reported PMI contraction, and each industry was ranked according to the rate of contraction as the power and machinery equipment industry (35.1%), the electronics and optics industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), the basic raw materials industry (42.4%), the transportation industry (42.6%) and the food and textile industry (45.7%).	no
物价方面，台当局“主计总处”公布，今年1月台湾CPI年增率为3.04%，自去年7月以来再度冲破3%。	In terms of prices, the “Comptroller General's Office” of the Taiwan Authorities announced that the annual increase in Taiwan's CPI in January this year was 3.04%, which has exceeded 3% again since July last year.	no
其中，蔬菜价格飞涨28.25%，创17个月新高。	Among them, vegetable prices soared by 28.25%, a 17-month high.	no
台“主计总处”专门委员曹志弘坦言，菜价涨幅确实超乎预期，排除春节因素，今年1月和2月平均CPI应接近去年12月的2.71%，通胀压力还是存在，且仍在高点。	Cao Zhihong, a special committee member of Taiwan's “Comptroller General's Office”, admitted that the increase in vegetable prices did exceed expectations. Excluding the Spring Festival, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year. Inflationary pressure still exists and is still at a high point.	no
展望今年台湾经济，综合《联合报》、“Yahoo财经”等岛内媒体报道，专家表示悲观。	Looking forward to Taiwan's economy this year, based on media reports from the island such as “Lianhe Zaobao” and "Yahoo Finance", experts expressed pessimism.	no
台“中央大学”经济系教授吴大任分析，出口衰退可能造成出口制造业厂商现金流出现问题，债务违约风险上升。	Wu Daren, a professor in the Department of Economics of Taiwan's “Central University”, analyzed that the export recession may cause cash outflows from export manufacturing manufacturers and increase the risk of debt default.	no
同时，订单减少导致厂商削减人力成本，影响劳动市场和家庭经济，反过来冲击消费能力。	At the same time, the decrease in orders has led manufacturers to reduce labor costs, affecting the labor market and the household economy, which in turn has impacted consumption power.	no
台湾经济研究院研究员邱达生认为，今年欧美通胀状况未解，需求持续萎缩，预估台湾出口衰退会延续到上半年。	Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, believes that the inflation situation in Europe and the United States has not been resolved this year, and demand continues to shrink. It is estimated that Taiwan's export recession will continue into the first half of the year.	no
由于台湾经济靠出口支撑，受出口低迷影响，全年经济增长表现将不如去年。	Since Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, affected by the export downturn, the annual economic growth performance will not be as good as last year.	no
“全球复苏的重要引擎”-中新网	“An important engine of Global recovery”- <url>	yes
“应对新冠疫情冲击，中国经济展现出了强大韧性。	“In response to the impact of the new crown epidemic, China's economy has shown strong resilience.	yes
近期市场预期表明，国际社会普遍看好中国未来发展。	Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.	yes
”西班牙知名中国问题专家、中国政策观察网名誉顾问胡里奥·里奥斯日前接受本报记者采访时表示，当前中国疫情防控进入新阶段，经济社会发展活力将进一步得到释放。	"Julio Rios, a well-known Spanish expert on China and honorary consultant of China Policy Watch, said in an interview with our reporter recently that the current epidemic prevention and control in China has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released.	yes
里奥斯表示，面对各种超预期因素冲击，中国以非凡的经济治理经验和措施沉着应对，充分体现出其经济韧性和管理水平。	Rios said that in the face of the impact of various unexpected factors, China has responded calmly with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully demonstrating its economic resilience and management level.	yes
中国坚定不移扩大对外开放的同时，经济发展的内生动力不断增强，国有企业和民营企业协同发展。	While China has unswervingly expanded its opening up to the outside world, the endogenous power of economic development has been continuously enhanced, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises have developed in concert.	yes
每年中国全国两会召开，代表委员共商国家发展大计、共议民生热点问题，广泛凝聚共识、凝聚人心、凝聚智慧，为中国发展增添力量。	Every year, the two National Congresses of China are held to discuss the national development plan and discuss hot issues of people's livelihood on behalf of the members, so as to gather consensus, unite people's hearts, and gather wisdom to add strength to China's development.	yes
“自改革开放以来，中国实现了长期高速发展，目前进入了高质量发展阶段。	“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term rapid development and is currently entering a stage of high-quality development.	yes
国际社会期待中国智慧和中国方案，期待中国发展为世界带来新机遇。	The international community looks forward to China's wisdom and China's solutions, and looks forward to China's development bringing new opportunities to the world.	yes
”里奥斯说，当前中国正全力推动科技创新，为经济社会发展注入新动力，“资金投入、人才培养、政策激励，这让中国在新的五年规划中继续充满活力”。	"Rios said that at present, China is fully promoting scientific and technological innovation and injecting new impetus into economic and social development. “Capital investment, talent training, and policy incentives have made China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan.”	yes
在里奥斯看来，经济体制改革对任何国家来说都是一项艰巨的任务。	In Rios' view, economic system reform is a difficult task for any country.	no
在中国共产党领导下，中国既发挥市场经济的长处，又发挥社会主义制度的优越性，采取积极主动措施稳定经济。	Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has given full play to the strengths of the market economy and the advantages of the socialist system, and taken proactive measures to stabilize the economy.	no
围绕扩大内需的战略基点，加大金融支持实体经济的力度，支持民营、中小企业和制造业发展，坚持创新发展，促进就业、提高中国民众的收入和生活水平，满足人民多层次多样化消费需求……中国完整、准确、全面贯彻新发展理念，着力推动高质量发展，构建新发展格局，将为世界带来更多增长机遇。	Focusing on the strategic basis point of expanding domestic demand, we will increase financial support for the real economy, support the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industries, adhere to innovative development, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the people's multi-level diversified consumer needs... China fully, accurately and comprehensively implements the new development concept, strives to promote high-quality development, and builds a new development pattern that will bring more growth opportunities to the world.	no
今年是共建“一带一路”倡议提出10周年。	This year marks the 10th anniversary of the “One Belt, One Road” initiative.	no
“疫情后经济企稳复苏是国际社会的共同目标。	“The stabilization and recovery of the economy after the epidemic is the common goal of the international community.	no
中国经济发展潜力不断释放，将给世界各国带来更多利好，成为全球复苏的重要引擎。	The continuous release of China's economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine for global recovery.	no
”里奥斯表示，期待共建“一带一路”合作继续发挥其改善各国基础设施水平、加强各领域互联互通的重要作用，继续释放更大动能。	"Rios said he looked forward to the cooperation in the construction of the “Belt and Road” to continue to play its important role in improving the level of infrastructure in various countries and strengthening the interconnection of various fields, and to continue to release greater momentum.	no
(本报马德里电)	(This newspaper is called Madrid)	no
(人民日报 记者 颜 欢)	(Yan Huan, reporter of the People's Daily)	no
报告：2022年回国求职留学生数量再创新高-中新网	Report: The number of international students returning to China for job search in 2022 has reached a new high- <url>	yes
2022年回国求职应届留学生留学国前10 图源：《2022中国海归就业调查报告》	The top 10 pictures of fresh international students returning to China for job search in 2022 Source: "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"	yes
中新网北京2月11日电 (门睿)近日发布的《2022中国海归就业调查报告》(下称“报告”)显示，2022年应届留学生规模同比增长8.6%，回国求职留学生数量再创新高，我国企业对海外人才的需求亦呈上扬态势。	<url>, Beijing, February 11 (Menrui) The recently released “2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report” (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") shows that the scale of fresh international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of international students returning to China for job search hit a new high. The demand for overseas talents by Chinese companies is also on the rise.	yes
报告指出，自2020年以来，在中国国内求职的海归数量明显增长，回国求职的应届留学生数量增多。	The report points out that since 2020, the number of returnees looking for jobs in China has increased significantly, and the number of fresh international students returning to China for jobs has increased.	yes
与2021年相比，2022年应届留学生规模同比增长8.6%，回国求职留学生数量再创新高。	Compared with 2021, the number of fresh international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of international students returning to China for job search hit a new high.	yes
从回国求职留学生的留学国家分布来看，英国占比最高，为41.4%，其次是澳大利亚(20.3%)和美国(9%)，排名与2021年一致。	Judging from the distribution of study abroad countries for international students returning to China for job search, the United Kingdom accounts for the highest proportion, at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), the ranking is consistent with 2021.	yes
从同比增速来看，2022年来自马来西亚、日本、新加坡的应届留学生人数同比大幅上升，增速分别为66.1%、50.9%和37.7%。	Judging from the year-on-year growth rate, the number of fresh international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore has increased significantly year-on-year in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7%, respectively.	yes
来自加拿大、德国、美国、澳大利亚的应届留学生人数同比下降。	The number of fresh international students from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia fell year-on-year.	yes
2023春节后第一周海归人才供需走势 图源：《2022中国海归就业调查报告》	Chart of the supply and demand of returnee talents in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023 Source: "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"	yes
调研显示，决定回国的留学生中，58%认为“国内生活更加便利”，40%因“更认同国内的文化环境”决定回国，32%认为“国内就业机会更多”，22%认为国内经济活动会加速复苏，能获得更多就业机会。	According to the survey, 58% of international students who decided to return home believed that “domestic life is more convenient”, 40% decided to return home because they “more agree with the domestic cultural environment”, 32% believed that “there are more domestic employment opportunities”, and 22% believed that domestic economic activities would accelerate the recovery and obtain more employment opportunities.	yes
数据显示，当前国内企业对海外人才的需求快速释放，对海归人才的需求呈上升趋势。	Data show that the current demand for overseas talents by domestic enterprises is rapidly releasing, and the demand for returnee talents is on the rise.	no
2023年春节后首周，海归优先的职位数和在国内求职的海归人数均呈上扬态势，2月3日的海归优先职位数比1月28日增长11%，海归求职人数增长27%。	In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of priority positions for returnees and the number of returnees looking for jobs in China both showed an upward trend. The number of priority positions for returnees on February 3 increased by 11% from January 28, and the number of returnees looking for jobs increased by 27%.	no
从行业看，2022年海归优先岗位中，来自教育/培训行业的职位数占比27.8%，位居第一位，专业服务/咨询、互联网/电子商务行业分别以14.3%、11.1%分列二三。	From the perspective of the industry, among the priority positions for returnees in 2022, the number of positions from the education/training industry accounted for 27.8%, ranking first, and the professional service/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1% respectively.	no
近几年在国内求职的海归人数变化 图源：《2022中国海归就业调查报告》	Changes in the number of returnees looking for jobs in China in recent years Source: "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"	no
从薪酬看，海归优先职位的平均招聘薪酬连续三年走高，2022年达14680元/月(人民币，下同)，比2021年的13719元/月增加961元，增长7%。	From the salary point of view, the average recruitment salary for priority positions for returnees has risen for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month (RMB, the same below) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan/month from 13,719 yuan in 2021, an increase of 7%.	no
分地域看，2022年海归群体前往新一线城市、二线城市和三线及以下城市发展的意愿均有提升，2022年的投递占比分别为31%、15.7%和14.3%，均高于2021年的投递占比。	By region, the willingness of returnees to go to new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier and below cities for development has increased in 2022. The proportion of delivery in 2022 was 31%, 15.7% and 14.3%, respectively, which are higher than the proportion of delivery in 2021.	no
对于留学的收获，52.7%的海归表示基本符合预期，相比上年(49.9%)提高了2.8个百分点。	Regarding the gains from studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said they were basically in line with expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared to the previous year (49.9%).	no
有28.2%的海归表示高于或远高于预期，这一比例也高于2021年的25.4%。	28.2% of returnees said they were higher or much higher than expected, and this proportion was also higher than 25.4% in 2021.	no
(完)	(End)	no
费用省一半甚至更多？	Save half or more of the cost?	yes
河南省规范整合口腔种植医疗服务价格-中新网	Henan Province regulates and integrates the price of oral implant medical services- <url>	yes
央视网消息：种植牙是很多缺牙患者的理想选择，但一直以来，动辄上万元一颗的价格让很多患者望而却步。	CCTV news: Dental implants are an ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but the price of tens of thousands of yuan a piece has always discouraged many patients.	yes
今年以来，随着种植牙集采的加速落地，各地也将种植牙降价提上日程。	Since this year, with the acceleration of the collection of dental implants, various places have also put the price reduction of dental implants on the agenda.	yes
从2月10日起，河南省单颗常规种植牙医疗服务价格全流程调控目标为4300元，单颗常规种植全流程费用不高于调控目标的97%。	Starting from February 10, the price of a single conventional implant dental treatment service in Henan Province will be regulated at 4,300 yuan for the whole process, and the cost of a single conventional implant for the whole process will not be higher than 97% of the regulatory target.	yes
种植牙齿指的是一种以植入骨组织内的下部结构为基础来支持、固位上部牙修复体的缺牙修复方式。	Dental implants refer to a method of repairing missing teeth based on the lower structure implanted in the bone tissue to support and retain the upper tooth prosthesis.	yes
记者从郑州大学第一附属医院了解到，以单颗常规种植为例，从种植到最后修复，价格大概要一万六七千元左右。	The reporter learned from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University that taking a single conventional planting as an example, the price from planting to final repair is about 16,000 to 7,000 yuan.	yes
患者 何莹：新政策之后，大夫跟我说，像我这种情况差不多就是8000多元、不到1万元，基本上能省一半。	Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that in a situation like mine, it is almost 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, which can basically save half.	yes
在现行项目基础上，河南省还整合确定了“种植体植入费(单颗)”等15个口腔种植类医疗服务价格项目，并统一制定省管公立医疗机构价格和医保支付类别，取消或调整了牙种植体植入术等20个医疗服务价格项目。	On the basis of the current project, Henan Province has also integrated and determined 15 oral implant medical service price items such as “implant implantation fee (single piece)”, and unified the prices of provincial-administered public medical institutions and medical insurance payment categories, cancelled or adjusted 20 medical service price items such as dental implant implantation.	yes
郑州市医疗保障局医药价格和招标采购处处长 李云杰：受益的主要是四方，一个是医保，医保的支出少了；医院的占压少了，病人会适当增加；对供应商来说得到了一个市场；对我们患者来说是得利最大的一方，植一颗牙的费用可能要减半甚至更多。	Li Yunjie, director of the Pharmaceutical Price and Bidding and Procurement Department of Zhengzhou Municipal Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are four parties. One is medical insurance. The expenditure on medical insurance is less; the hospital's share is less, and the patient will increase appropriately; for suppliers, a market has been obtained; for our patients, it is the most profitable party, and the cost of planting a tooth may have to be halved or even more.	yes
深圳：打造国内第一、世界领先的极速先锋城市-中新网	Shenzhen: To build the No. 1 speed pioneer city in China and the world's leading speed pioneer city- <url>	yes
中新网2月11日电 据“深圳工信”微信公众号10日消息，深圳市工业和信息化局近日印发《深圳市极速先锋城市建设行动计划》。	<url>, February 11th, according to news from the WeChat public account of “Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology” on the 10th, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the "Shenzhen Speed Pioneer City Construction Action Plan".	yes
其中提出，2023年底前，建成高速率、大容量、低时延的超级宽带网络，实现“双千兆、全光网、1毫秒、万物联”网络建设目标，打造国内第一、世界领先的极速先锋城市。	It is proposed that a high-speed, large-capacity and low-latency super broadband network will be built before the end of 2023, to achieve the goal of “dual gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and everything connected” network construction, and to create the first in China and the world's leading ultra-fast pioneer city.	yes
《计划》提出，加快升级千兆光网。	The "Plan" proposes to accelerate the upgrading of gigabit optical networks.	yes
2023年底前，10G PON端口占比达到100%，全光工业园区(产业园区)数量超过100家。	By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.	yes
《计划》要求，全面提升5G网络能效。	The "Plan" requires that the energy efficiency of 5G networks be comprehensively improved.	yes
研究制定深圳5G网络服务质量规范标准，开展5G网络测试评估，提升5G网络服务质量。	Research and formulate Shenzhen 5G network service quality specifications and standards, carry out 5G network testing and evaluation, and improve 5G network service quality.	yes
支持基础电信企业加大对重点区域、场所5G网络的优化力度，全年新增5G基站10000个，全市平均下载速率达到500Mbps、上行速率达到100Mbps，重点区域下载速率达到1000Mbps、上行速率达到200Mbps，网络速率和用户体验感大幅提升。	Support basic telecommunications companies to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places, and 10,000 new 5G base stations will be added throughout the year. The city's average download rate has reached 500Mbps and the uplink rate has reached 100Mbps. The download rate in key areas has reached 1000Mbps and the uplink rate has reached 200Mbps, and the network rate and user experience have been greatly improved.	yes
打造城市级高品质无线局域网。	Create a city-level high-quality wireless local area network.	yes
制定公共场所无线局域网(WLAN)服务规范，推动全市各区人员密集和信息消费需求集中区域WLAN升级，提供千兆接入能力。	Formulate wireless local area network (WLAN) service specifications for public places, promote the upgrading of WLAN in areas with dense personnel and concentrated information consumption needs in various districts of the city, and provide Gigabit access capabilities.	yes
依托“深i网”建设全市公共无线局域网统一认证监管平台，实现“一次认证、无感漫游、智能切换”，支持运营主体将具有公共服务能力的社会自建AP(无线接入点)纳入认证监管平台。	Relying on the "Deep i Network“ to build a unified certification and supervision platform for the city's public wireless local area networks, to achieve ”one-time authentication, sensorless roaming, and intelligent switching", and support operators to incorporate social self-built APS (wireless access points) with public service capabilities into the certification and supervision platform.	no
2023年底前，升级接入AP总量不少于2万个。	Before the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded access APS will not be less than 20,000.	no
此外，《计划》还提出，建设高品质全光运力网络、构建多层次算力供给体系、加快关键通信网络设施建设、提升互联网应用服务能力。	In addition, the "Plan" also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical capacity network, build a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and enhance Internet application service capabilities.	no
《计划》明确，协同构建物联感知体系。	The "Plan" is clear and cooperatively builds an IOT perception system.	no
探索以“开源鸿蒙”操作系统为基础，构建城市感知终端建设管理模式，降低对接成本，加快建设城市级物联感知平台，推动市区物联网平台、各领域专业物联网平台网络与数据互联互通。	Explore the construction of an urban perception terminal construction management model based on the ”Open source Hongmeng" operating system, reduce docking costs, accelerate the construction of an urban-level IOT perception platform, and promote the interconnection of urban IOT platforms, professional IOT platforms in various fields, and data.	no
深化物联感知在城市管理、民生服务、公共安全、交通出行等领域应用，拓展城市道路、建筑、公共设施等固定感知与智能网联汽车等移动感知采集渠道。	Deepen the application of IOT perception in urban management, people's livelihood services, public safety, transportation and other fields, and expand fixed perception such as urban roads, buildings, and public facilities, and mobile perception collection channels such as intelligent connected vehicles.	no
2023年底前，水电气物联网感知终端数量超过900万，打造20个多功能智能杆应用示范项目。	By the end of 2023, the number of sensing terminals for the Internet of Things in water and electricity will exceed 9 million, and 20 demonstration projects for the application of multi-function smart poles will be created.	no
《计划》还提到，加强卫星与地面通信融合应用、布局低空网络基础设施建设、推进海上5G网络深度覆盖。	The Plan also mentions strengthening the integration and application of satellite and ground communications, laying out the construction of low-altitude network infrastructure, and promoting the deep coverage of offshore 5G networks.	no
同时，推进海上5G网络深度覆盖、构建产业创新发展生态、支持举办顶级赛事和活动。	At the same time, it will promote the in-depth coverage of offshore 5G networks, build an ecosystem of industrial innovation and development, and support the holding of top-level competitions and events.	no
(中新财经)	(China-Singapore Finance and Economics)	no
中国电商行业涌现“新变量”，带货如何做到“内容为王”？	“New variables” have emerged in China's e-commerce industry. How can the delivery of goods be “content is king”?	yes
-中新网	-China News Network	yes
中新网2月11日电 题：中国电商行业涌现“新变量”，带货如何做到“内容为王”？	<url>, February 11th Topic: “New variables” have emerged in China's e-commerce industry. How can the delivery of goods be “content is king”?	yes
中新财经记者 夏宾	China-Singapore Financial Reporter Xia Bin	yes
“我们入局电商算是晚的，但从最开始就意识到，想要从千千万万的店铺中脱颖而出，内容很重要。	“We entered the e-commerce market late, but we realized from the beginning that content is very important to stand out from the millions of stores.	yes
”来自广东的“90后”女生芳芳，现在在抖音电商运营一家滋补食材店铺，让一家有着30多年历史的线下店在线上“开花”。	”Fangfang, a "post-90s" girl from Guangdong, now operates a nourishing food store on Douyin e-commerce, allowing an offline store with a history of more than 30 years to “blossom” online.	yes
模仿老港片影调、配上经典粤语歌，打开@芳芳一人食抖音账号，精美的视频令人耳目一新。	Imitating the tone of old Hong Kong movies and accompanied by classic Cantonese songs, open the @Fangfang one-person food Douyin account. The exquisite videos are refreshing.	yes
在近日举行的抖音电商“寻找同行者·优质内容分享专场”上，芳芳作为优质创作者代表到场发言，介绍了日常创作的经历和体会。	At the recently held Douyin e-commerce “Looking for Peers· High-quality Content sharing Session”, Fangfang spoke as a representative of high-quality creators and introduced her daily creative experience and experience.	yes
她在现场说：“精心打磨的视频收获了很多网友的关注，好多人对我家的食材感兴趣，想跟着一起做美食，销路就一下子打开了。	She said at the scene: “The carefully polished video has gained the attention of many netizens. Many people are interested in the ingredients of my family and want to cook food together, so the sales market suddenly opened.	yes
”	”	yes
芳芳靠着煲汤视频让更多人爱上“老广的味道”，一场直播最多卖出30万件滋补食材，挽救了家里濒临倒闭的老店。	Fangfang relied on the soup-making video to make more people fall in love with the ”taste of Laoguang". A live broadcast sold up to 300,000 pieces of nourishing ingredients, saving her family's old shop that was on the verge of collapse.	no
“无内容，不电商”，随着短视频和直播电商不断发展，人们对电商内容的要求和标准正步入新阶段。	“No content, no e-commerce”, with the continuous development of short videos and live e-commerce, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.	no
直播带货发展初期，直播间往往用低价折扣吸引用户，价格优势似乎成了当时的唯一卖点。	In the early days of the development of live broadcast with goods, live broadcast studios often used low-cost discounts to attract users, and price advantages seemed to be the only selling point at that time.	no
近年来，既有刘畊宏、东方甄选等现象级大V，也有在垂直细分领域出现的不少非大众所知的达人和商家，他们通过持续打造符合自己品牌调性的优质内容，提升长期经营效益。	In recent years, there have been both phenomenon-level big V's such as Liu Yuhong and Dongfang Selection, as well as many people and businesses that are not well-known to the public in vertical segments. They have continuously created high-quality content that meets the tone of their own brand to enhance long-term business efficiency.	no
抖音电商明星作者运营负责人高亚轩介绍，过去一年有627万创作者通过抖音电商将内容变现，他们的内容创作量增长了252%，总成交额也翻了一倍以上。	Gao Yaxuan, head of star author operations for Douyin e-commerce, introduced that in the past year, 6.27 million creators have monetized content through Douyin e-commerce, and their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and the total turnover has more than doubled.	no
“在这些数字背后，我们能感受到一个蓬勃生长、具有旺盛生命力的作者生态。	“Behind these numbers, we can feel a vigorous and vigorous author ecology.	no
”高亚轩说。	"Gao Yaxuan said.	no
北京师范大学传播创新与未来媒体实验平台此前发布了《电商行业内容生态健康指数(ECHI)报告》，从数据维度解析了当前电商行业中“新变量”——优质内容的重要性，运用指数对国内27家主流电商平台内容生态情况进行了评估。	The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the “E-commerce Industry Content Ecological Health Index (ECHI) Report”, which analyzes the importance of high-quality content, a "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry, from the data dimension, and uses the index to evaluate the content ecology of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China. The ecological situation was evaluated.	no
根据上述报告的电商行业内容生态健康指数排名，抖音电商、快手、淘宝、拼多多、京东位居前五。	According to the ranking of the ecological health index of the content of the e-commerce industry in the above report, Douyin e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and Jingdong ranked in the top five.	no
报告认为，电商行业内容生态是一个综合性概念，是将电商与内容进行整合，但并非所有内容都可与电商整合，好的PGC(专业生产内容)与UGC(用户原创内容)才是与电商进行整合的优质载体，内容平台价值越高，消费与推广的场景也就越来越丰富，电商植入的可能性也就越高，商业价值也就越强，这种公共领域和私人领域逐步集成分布的电商内容生产和内容消费的比例也就会越高。	The report believes that the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept that integrates e-commerce with content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional production of content) and UGC (user original content) are the high-quality carriers for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce implantation, and the stronger the commercial value, the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption that are gradually integrated and distributed in the public and private sectors.	no
现场，北京师范大学新闻传播学院教授、中国传媒经济与管理专业委员会理事长喻国明对《报告》做了分析解读。	At the scene, Yu Guoming, a professor of the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, analyzed and interpreted the report.	no
他表示，就内容价值而言，当前电商行业已经从“消费可及性”过渡到“消费品质化”阶段，优质、专业、差异化的内容是电商行业的“硬通货”。	He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from “consumer accessibility” to “consumer quality” stage, and high-quality, professional and differentiated content is the “hard currency” of the e-commerce industry.	no
同时，内容成为电商发展新阶段的根本和抓手，知识付费、专业性知识、KOL(关键意见领袖)等PGC内容开始在电商直播中成为标配。	At the same time, content has become the foundation and gripper of the new stage of e-commerce development, and PGC content such as knowledge payment, professional knowledge, and KOL (key opinion leaders) have begun to become standard in e-commerce live broadcasts.	no
展望电商行业的未来发展，喻国明提出两方面的建议。	Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guoming put forward two suggestions.	no
一个是从内容结构提升的角度看，推动电商内容生态健康程度和质量整体提升，打造正向内容创作和管理标准，实现电商行业内容生态健康系统指数与动态均衡。	One is to promote the overall improvement of the ecological health and quality of e-commerce content from the perspective of content structure improvement, create positive content creation and management standards, and realize the index and dynamic balance of the content ecological health system of the e-commerce industry.	no
另一个是从外部生态看，要实现内容电商行业的健康发展和外部环境的价值协同与共创。	The other is from the perspective of external ecology, to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.	no
“未来电商行业还需要更多的数据、人工智能方面的支持，形成对未来发展稳定性的预测；此外，为商家提供更规范、健康的成长空间，实现电商行业中企业、用户、产品与服务的价值协同，共创健康内容生态。	“In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more data and artificial intelligence support to form a forecast of the stability of future development; in addition, it will provide businesses with a more standardized and healthy growth space, realize the value synergy of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and create a healthy content ecosystem.	no
”(完)	”(End)	no
北交所融资融券交易业务下周启动-中新网	The margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will start next week- <url>	yes
本报讯(记者 孙杰)昨晚，北交所发布消息，经中国证监会批准，北京证券交易所融资融券交易业务将于2月13日正式启动，届时已取得北交所融资融券交易权限的证券公司可接受投资者委托，向北交所进行融资融券交易申报。	Newspaper news (reporter Sun Jie) Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange released news that with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will be officially launched on February 13. At that time, securities companies that have obtained the margin trading authority of the Beijing Stock Exchange can accept investors' commissions and declare margin trading to the Beijing Stock Exchange.	yes
首批56只融资融券标的股票名单以2023年1月31日为计算基准日确定。	The list of the first batch of 56 underlying stocks for margin financing is determined on January 31, 2023 as the calculation base date.	yes
北交所表示，融资融券标的股票名单和可充抵保证金证券名单将通过北交所官网的“信息披露-融资融券信息”栏目公布，方便投资者查询。	The Beijing Stock Exchange said that the list of stocks subject to margin financing and the list of margin-deductible securities will be announced through the “Information Disclosure-Margin financing Information” section of the official website of the Beijing Stock Exchange to facilitate investors' inquiries.	yes
融资融券是证券市场重要的基础性制度，也是国际证券市场中较为成熟的交易方式。	Margin financing is an important basic system in the securities market and a more mature trading method in the international securities market.	yes
去年9月2日，在宣布设立一周年之际，北交所对融资融券业务公开征求意见。	On September 2 last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of the announcement of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on the margin business.	yes
北交所融资融券交易的启动是持续推进北交所市场制度建设、完善交易机制、提升二级市场定价功能的重要举措。	The launch of margin trading on the Beijing Stock Exchange is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system of the Beijing Stock Exchange, improve the trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.	yes
融资融券制度有利于丰富投资者交易策略，满足投资者多元交易需求，促进市场价格发现，进一步提升市场流动性。	The margin system is conducive to enriching investors' trading strategies, meeting investors' diversified trading needs, promoting market price discovery, and further enhancing market liquidity.	yes
下一步，北交所将在中国证监会的领导下，持续做好融资融券业务各项保障工作，以投资者需求为导向丰富交易制度工具，完善相关配套机制，着力打造服务创新型中小企业的一流交易所。	In the next step, the Beijing Stock Exchange, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, will continue to do a good job in guaranteeing the financing and margin business, enrich the trading system tools based on investor needs, improve relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange serving innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.	yes
第十六届中日节能环保综合论坛在京举办 何立峰出席主论坛并发表主旨演讲-中新网	The 16th Sino-Japanese Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing. He Lifeng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech- <url>	yes
新华社北京2月11日电 2月11日，第十六届中日节能环保综合论坛以线上线下相结合方式在北京举办。	Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11th, on February 11th, the 16th Sino-Japanese Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing in a combination of online and offline.	yes
中共中央政治局委员、国家发展改革委主任何立峰出席主论坛并发表主旨演讲。	He Lifeng, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and Director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.	yes
何立峰指出，举办本届论坛是落实习近平主席和岸田文雄首相曼谷会晤共识、加强中日绿色发展合作的重要举措。	He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus of the Bangkok meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida and strengthen Sino-Japanese green development cooperation.	yes
中国将全面贯彻落实中共二十大精神，加快发展方式绿色转型，深入推进环境污染防治，全面加强资源节约，积极稳妥推进碳达峰碳中和，协同推进降碳、减污、扩绿、增长，推进生态优先、节约集约、绿色低碳发展。	China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, accelerate the green transformation of development methods, in-depth promotion of the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, and work together to promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion, and growth, and promote ecological priority, conservation-intensive, and green low-carbon development.	yes
中国愿同日方一道，继续深化绿色低碳产业合作、技术合作、政策对话和人文交流，推动两国绿色发展合作不断迈上新台阶。	China is willing to work with the United States to continue to deepen cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and cultural exchanges, and promote green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.	yes
日本经济产业大臣西村康稔出席主论坛并发表主旨演讲。	Japan's Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Yasunori Nishimura attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.	yes
论坛由中国国家发展改革委、商务部与日本经济产业省、日中经济协会共同举办，包括主论坛和能效提高、汽车电动化智能化、氢能、中日长期贸易4个分论坛。	The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the China-Japan Economic Association. It includes the main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, automobile electrification and intelligence, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade between China and Japan.	yes
来自中日两国政府、企业、机构的代表进行了交流。	Representatives from the governments, enterprises and institutions of China and Japan had exchanges.	yes
中国救援队在土耳其持续开展救援行动 已营救4名被困人员-中新网	The Chinese rescue team continues to carry out rescue operations in Turkey and has rescued 4 trapped people- <url>	yes
中新网2月11日电 据应急管理部网站11日消息，2月10日，正在土耳其搜救的中国救援队派出3个行动分队、45名救援队员，营救出1名被困人员。	<url>, February 11th, according to news on the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on the 11th, on February 10th, the Chinese rescue team, which was searching and rescuing in Turkey, sent 3 operational teams and 45 rescue team members to rescue 1 trapped person.	yes
同时派出2个搜索评估组，对沃达巴什大街15栋建筑进行评估排查。	At the same time, two search and evaluation teams were dispatched to evaluate and investigate 15 buildings on Vodabash Street.	yes
截至目前，共营救4名被困人员，搜寻出5名遇难者，对25栋倒塌严重的建筑进行生命迹象和风险评估。	So far, a total of 4 trapped people have been rescued, 5 victims have been searched, and 25 severely collapsed buildings have been assessed for signs of life and risks.	yes
救援队将根据灾区实际和救援现场情况，科学调整救援力量，持续深入开展救援工作。	The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force based on the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue site, and continue to carry out rescue work in depth.	yes
救援队通过使馆、当地政府、联合国救援组织等多种渠道获取救援求助信息，通过线上询情、现场搜索等多种方式进行逐一核实。	The rescue team obtains rescue information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and United Nations rescue organizations, and verifies it one by one through online inquiries, on-site searches, and other methods.	yes
向中国香港救援队介绍目前救援环境和建筑坍塌等情况，联合开展搜索行动。	Introduce the current rescue environment and building collapse to the Hong Kong Rescue Team of China, and jointly carry out search operations.	yes
目前与意大利救援队联合负责区域协调(SSC5)，同时派遣3名队员参加5号区域救援协调中心工作，与意大利、英国、塞尔维亚、斯洛伐克、阿曼等多支队伍进行沟通，了解了联合国救援组织和各国救援队救援工作情况。	At present, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team. At the same time, 3 team members are dispatched to participate in the work of the No. 5 Regional Rescue Coordination Center, and communicate with Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman and many other teams to learn about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and rescue teams from various countries.	yes
救援队持续强化安全管理和队伍保障，按照“统一指挥、安全第一”原则，加强救援现场安全管控，强化救援工作纪律要求，明确安全注意事项。	The rescue team continues to strengthen safety management and team security, and in accordance with the principle of “unified command and safety first”, strengthens the safety control of the rescue site, strengthens the disciplinary requirements for rescue work, and clarifies safety precautions.	yes
持续运行轮值备勤和岗哨工作制度，强化营区安全管理。	Continue to operate the rotating standby and sentry work system, and strengthen the safety management of the camp.	yes
救援队医疗人员每天为队员提供体检服务，加强重点人员医疗保障，目前救援队全员身体健康，开展营区消杀。	The medical personnel of the rescue team provide medical examination services to the team members every day, and strengthen the medical protection of key personnel. At present, all members of the rescue team are in good health and carry out the elimination of the camp.	no
自营地建立后，后勤保障队员共搭建了指挥通信、装备存放、医疗洗消、生活住宿及犬舍等4大类26顶野战帐篷，保障现场救援装备30余套件。	After the establishment of the self-operated site, the logistics support team members set up a total of 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical decontamination, living accommodation and kennels, to ensure more than 30 sets of on-site rescue equipment.	no
新华社评论员：推进中国式现代化是一个系统工程——四论深刻领会习近平总书记在学习贯彻党的二十大精神研讨班开班式重要讲话-中新网	Xinhua News Agency commentator: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project-Four Theories, a deep understanding of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening of the seminar on learning and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party- <url>	yes
新华社北京2月11日电 题：推进中国式现代化是一个系统工程——四论深刻领会习近平总书记在学习贯彻党的二十大精神研讨班开班式重要讲话	Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11th Topic: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project-Four Theories, a deep understanding of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening of the seminar on learning and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party	yes
新华社评论员	Commentator of Xinhua News Agency	yes
“推进中国式现代化是一个系统工程，需要统筹兼顾、系统谋划、整体推进，正确处理好顶层设计与实践探索、战略与策略、守正与创新、效率与公平、活力与秩序、自立自强与对外开放等一系列重大关系。	“Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires comprehensive consideration, systematic planning, and overall promotion, and correctly handles a series of major relationships such as top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and strategy, integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and opening up to the outside world.	yes
”在新进中央委员会的委员、候补委员和省部级主要领导干部学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想和党的二十大精神研讨班开班式上，习近平总书记科学把握现代化建设规律，深入系统阐明实践中需要处理好的一系列重大关系，为我们大力推进中国式现代化提供了科学方法论。	”At the opening ceremony of the seminar for new members of the Central Committee, alternate members and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to learn and implement Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the Party's 20th National Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the laws of modernization and systematically clarified a series of major relationships that need to be dealt with in practice, which provides a scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.	yes
推进中国式现代化涉及经济、政治、文化、社会、生态文明等各个领域，关系治党治国治军、内政外交国防等方方面面，既要做好系统谋划，又要勇于改革创新，不断实现整体推进。	Promoting Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization. It is related to the governance of the party, the country, the army, internal affairs, diplomacy, and national defense. It is necessary not only to make systematic plans, but also to have the courage to reform and innovate, and continuously achieve overall advancement.	yes
进行顶层设计，需要深刻洞察世界发展大势，准确把握人民群众的共同愿望，深入探索经济社会发展规律，使制定的规划和政策体系体现时代性、把握规律性、富于创造性，做到远近结合、上下贯通、内容协调。	To carry out top-level design, it is necessary to have a deep insight into the general development trend of the world, accurately grasp the common aspirations of the people, and deeply explore the laws of economic and social development, so that the formulated planning and policy system reflects the times, grasps regularity, and is full of creativity, so as to achieve a combination of distance and near, top-to-bottom connection, and content coordination.	yes
推进中国式现代化是一个探索性事业，还有许多未知领域，需要在实践中去大胆探索，通过改革创新来推动事业发展，决不能刻舟求剑、守株待兔。	Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking. There are still many uncharted areas that need to be boldly explored in practice and promoted through reform and innovation. We must not seek swords and wait for the hare.	yes
战略问题是一个政党、一个国家的根本性问题。	Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.	yes
推进中国式现代化，要增强战略的前瞻性，以科学的战略预见未来、引领未来；要增强战略的全局性，着眼于解决事关党和国家事业兴衰成败、牵一发而动全身的重大问题；要增强战略的稳定性，战略一经形成，就要长期坚持、一抓到底、善作善成。	To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to enhance the forward-looking strategy, foresee the future and lead the future with a scientific strategy; to enhance the global nature of the strategy, focusing on solving major issues related to the rise and fall of the party and the national cause, which affect the whole body; to enhance the stability of the strategy, once the strategy is formed, it is necessary to persevere for a long time, grasp it to the end, and do good deeds.	yes
要科学把握战略和策略的辩证统一关系，把战略的原则性和策略的灵活性有机结合起来，灵活机动、随机应变、临机决断，在因地制宜、因势而动、顺势而为中把握战略主动。	It is necessary to scientifically grasp the dialectical unified relationship between strategy and strategy, organically combine the principle of strategy with the flexibility of strategy, be flexible, adaptable, and make decisions on the spot, and grasp the strategic initiative in adapting to local conditions, moving according to the situation, and taking advantage of the situation.	no
中华民族是守正创新的民族。	The Chinese nation is a nation of integrity and innovation.	no
处理好守正与创新的关系，既要守好中国式现代化的本和源、根和魂，毫不动摇坚持中国式现代化的中国特色、本质要求、重大原则，确保中国式现代化的正确方向，又要把创新摆在国家发展全局的突出位置，顺应时代发展要求，着眼于解决重大理论和实践问题，积极识变应变求变，大力推进改革创新，不断塑造发展新动能新优势，充分激发全社会创造活力。	To deal with the relationship between integrity and innovation, we must not only abide by the origin and source, root and soul of Chinese-style modernization, and unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements, and major principles of Chinese-style modernization to ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, but also put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, conform to the development requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively recognize changes and adapt to changes, vigorously promote reform and innovation, and constantly shape new kinetic energy and advantages for development, so as to fully stimulate the vitality of the whole society.	no
效率是公平的重要基础，公平是效率的有力保证。	Efficiency is an important foundation of fairness, and fairness is a strong guarantee of efficiency.	no
我们推进中国式现代化，既要创造比资本主义更高的效率，又要更有效地维护社会公平，更好实现效率与公平相兼顾、相促进、相统一。	To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only create higher efficiency than capitalism, but also more effectively maintain social fairness, and better realize the balance, promotion, and unification of efficiency and fairness.	no
处理好效率与公平的关系，不断实现发展为了人民、发展依靠人民、发展成果由人民共享，让现代化建设成果更多更公平惠及全体人民。	Handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness well, and continuously realize that development is for the people, development depends on the people, and the results of development are shared by the people, so that the results of modernization can benefit all the people more and more fairly.	no
推进中国式现代化，需要处理好活力与秩序的关系，让社会既充满活力又安定有序。	To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to deal with the relationship between vitality and order so that society can be both vibrant and stable and orderly.	no
要统筹好发展和安全两件大事，贯彻总体国家安全观，健全国家安全体系，增强维护国家安全能力，坚定维护国家政权安全、制度安全、意识形态安全和重点领域安全。	It is necessary to co-ordinate the two major events of development and security, implement the overall concept of national security, improve the national security system, strengthen the ability to maintain national security, and firmly maintain the security of national power, institutional security, ideological security, and key areas.	no
既在发展中更多考虑安全因素，通过发展提升国家安全实力，运用发展成果来夯实国家安全的基础，又善于营造有利于经济社会发展的安全环境，不断激发发展活力，实现高质量发展和高水平安全的良性互动。	Not only do we pay more attention to security factors in development, enhance national security strength through development, and use development results to consolidate the foundation of national security, but we are also good at creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, continuously stimulating development vitality, and achieving healthy interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.	no
推进中国式现代化，既要坚持走自己的路，又要拓展世界眼光，坚持对外开放，不断拓展中国式现代化的广度和深度。	To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only adhere to our own path, but also expand the vision of the world, adhere to opening up to the outside world, and constantly expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.	no
要坚持独立自主、自立自强，坚持把国家和民族发展放在自己力量的基点上，坚持把我国发展进步的命运牢牢掌握在自己手中。	We must adhere to independence, self-reliance and self-improvement, insist on putting the development of the country and the nation on the basis of our own strength, and insist on firmly holding the fate of our country's development and progress in our own hands.	no
要不断扩大高水平对外开放，深度参与全球产业分工和合作，用好国内国际两种资源，拓展中国式现代化的发展空间，在互利共赢中共享发展机遇、共创美好未来。	We must continue to expand high-level opening up to the outside world, deeply participate in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, and share development opportunities and create a better future in mutual benefit and win-win situation.	no
循道而行，方能致远。	Only by following the way can we go far.	no
让我们在以习近平同志为核心的党中央坚强领导下、在习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想科学指引下，把握规律、笃行不怠，充分发挥积极性、主动性、创造性，正确处理好一系列重大关系，在全面建设社会主义现代化国家新征程上奋发有为，不断开辟中国式现代化新境界。	Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, and under the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping's socialist thought with Chinese characteristics in the new era, grasp the rules, practice without slackening, give full play to enthusiasm, initiative, and creativity, properly handle a series of major relationships, and work hard on the new journey of building a modern socialist country in an all-round way, and constantly open up a new realm of Chinese-style modernization.	no
（德国之声中文网）拜登政府本周五（2月10日）将6个与疑似参与间谍气球计划的中国实体列入黑名单。	(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) The Biden administration on Friday (February 10) blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of participating in the spy balloon program.	yes
美国商务部表示，这5家中国公司及1家研究机构帮助中国军队现代化，尤其是航空航天项目，包括飞艇和飞机。	The U.S. Department of Commerce said that these five Chinese companies and one research institute have helped modernize the Chinese military, especially aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.	yes
被列入黑名单的公司很难获得美国的技术出口。	It is difficult for blacklisted companies to obtain U.S. technology exports.	yes
名单被称为“实体名单”（entity list），入列的公司除非获得美国商务部的特别出口许可证，否则将无法向美国供应商购买技术或商品。	The list is called the ”entity list" (entity list). Unless the listed companies obtain a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce, they will not be able to purchase technology or goods from U.S. suppliers.	yes
被列入黑名单的公司是：北京南江空天科技股份有限公司、中国电子科技集团第四十八研究所、东莞凌空遥感科技有限公司、鹰门航空科技集团有限公司、广州天海翔航空科技有限公司和山西鹰门航空科技集团有限公司。	The blacklisted companies are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., the 48th Research Institute of China Electronic Technology Group, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.	yes
在此之前，白宫表示考虑做出更广泛措施，“揭露和处理”中国威胁美国国家安全的更大规模监控活动。	Prior to this, the White House said it was considering broader measures to “expose and deal with” China's larger surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.	yes
气球事件引发中美之间进一步紧张，美国国务卿布林肯取消了访问中国的行程。	The balloon incident triggered further tensions between China and the United States, and U.S. Secretary of State Blinken cancelled his visit to China.	yes
美国2月4日击落气球，中国政府向美国驻华使馆提出严正交涉，批评美国严重冲击和损害双方稳定中美关系的努力和进程。	The United States shot down the balloon on February 4, and the Chinese government submitted serious negotiations to the U.S. Embassy in China, criticizing the U.S. for seriously impacting and harming the efforts and processes of the two sides to stabilize Sino-U.S. relations.	yes
从现有残骸证据及中国军方的采购平台资讯，美国政府得出结论，认为该气球的制造厂商“跟中国解放军有直接关系”，而且是中国军方批准的供应商。	From the existing wreckage evidence and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the U.S. government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon “has a direct relationship with the Chinese People's Liberation Army” and is an approved supplier by the Chinese military.	yes
中国外交部发言人毛宁在周五的新闻发布会上表示，关于一只中国无人民用飞艇因不可抗力误入美国领空的意外事件，中方已经多次说明情况、阐明立场。	Mao Ning, a spokesperson for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said at a press conference on Friday that China has repeatedly explained the situation and clarified its position regarding the accidental incident of a Chinese unmanned civilian airship straying into U.S. airspace due to force majeure.	yes
根据外交部网站，她补充表示，美国国会的有关决议案纯属政治操弄和炒作。	According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the United States Congress are purely political manipulation and speculation.	no
中方对此强烈不满、坚决反对。	China is strongly dissatisfied with this and resolutely opposes it.	no
美国商务部负责出口执法的助理部长阿克塞尔罗德(Matthew Axelrod)表示： “今天的行动表明，我们查明并阻止中国使用间谍气球而做出的共同努力，这些气球侵犯了美国和40多个国家的领空。	Matthew Axelrod, assistant secretary for export enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce, said: “Today's actions demonstrate our joint efforts to identify and prevent China from using spy balloons that violate the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.	no
”	”	no
路透社报道，广州天海翔航空科技有限公司的一名员工表示对制裁并不知情，并拒绝进一步评论。	Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said he was not aware of the sanctions and declined to comment further.	no
中国驻美国大使馆和尚未对这些信息发表评论。	The Chinese Embassy in the United States has not yet commented on this information.	no
（路透社等）	(Reuters, etc.)	no
© 2023年德国之声版权声明：本文所有内容受到著作权法保护，如无德国之声特别授权，不得擅自使用。	© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Notice: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.	no
任何不当行为都将导致追偿，并受到刑事追究。	Any improper behavior will lead to recovery and criminal prosecution.	no
（德国之声中文网）距离土耳其和叙利亚部分地区发生地震已经过去数日，找到幸存者的希望日渐渺茫，然而在周六获救的一家五口却令搜救人员感到无比欣慰。	(German Voice Chinese network) It has been a few days since the earthquake in parts of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is getting slimmer. However, the family of five rescued on Saturday made the search and rescue personnel feel extremely relieved.	yes
据美联社报道，在加济安泰普省的重灾区努尔达伊镇，这个五口之家在废墟之下受困五天多之后，被成功营救。	According to the Associated Press, in the town of Nurdayy, the hardest-hit area in Gaziantep Province, the family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the ruins for more than five days.	yes
搜救人员先是从一堆废墟中拉出了母亲和女儿，随后找到了父亲，但他坚持要求先救自己的儿子和另一个女儿。	The search and rescue personnel first pulled out the mother and daughter from a pile of ruins, and then found the father, but he insisted on saving his son and another daughter first.	yes
当他们全部获救之后，人群中响起了欢呼声。	When they were all rescued, cheers rang out in the crowd.	yes
在土耳其南部城市卡赫拉曼马拉什，在恶劣的严寒天气条件下，一个16岁的少年和一位70岁老妪也被成功营救。	In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmarash, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued under severe cold weather conditions.	yes
“今天是什么日子了？	“What day is it today?	yes
”——这个被困废墟之下129小时的少年在被带回到地面上之后问营救自己的搜救员。	”--The teenager who was trapped under the ruins for 129 hours asked the rescuers who rescued him after being brought back to the ground.	yes
一位卡赫拉曼马拉什的男子抱着他刚刚获救的猫	A man from Kahramanmarash is holding his newly rescued cat	yes
奇迹般的成功营救案例给原本已经希望渺茫的搜救工作带来了一线曙光，然而与此同时，遇难人数也在不断上升。	The miraculous successful rescue cases have brought a glimmer of light to the search and rescue work that had been promising, but at the same time, the number of people killed is also rising.	yes
目前根据官方统计，周一的地震已经在土耳其造成超过2万人死亡，邻国叙利亚的死亡人数估计在3500人以上。	According to official statistics, Monday's earthquake has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be more than 3,500.	yes
尽管专家表示，人在被困废墟之后最多还能存活一周以上的时间，但是寻找到更多幸存者的希望已经变得愈加渺茫。	Although experts say that people can survive for more than a week at most after being trapped in the ruins, the hope of finding more survivors has become increasingly slim.	no
救援人员仍然在借助热成像仪来探寻废墟之下的生命迹象。	Rescuers are still using thermal imagers to explore signs of life under the ruins.	no
与此同时，救援工作的重点开始转向帮助那些急需救助的幸存者。	At the same time, the focus of rescue efforts began to shift to helping survivors who were in urgent need of assistance.	no
联合国官员：该地区“百年未遇”的灾难	UN official: A disaster “not encountered in a hundred years” in the region	no
主管人道主义事务的联合国副秘书长兼紧急救济协调员马丁·格里菲思（Martin Griffiths）在土耳其召开的记者会上表示，这次地震是该地区“百年以来最糟糕的一次灾难”。	Martin Griffith, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference in Turkey that the earthquake was “the worst disaster in a hundred years” in the region.	no
他还称赞土耳其在灾后的应对行动是“非同寻常”的。	He also praised Turkey's response after the disaster as “extraordinary.”	no
他还对路透社记者表示，希望能够将救援提供给叙利亚政府和反对派所控制的地区，但是也表示相关事宜“尚不明朗”。	He also told Reuters reporters that he hopes to be able to provide relief to areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but also said that related matters are “not yet clear.”	no
联合国承诺向叙利亚的地震灾区民众额外提供2500万美元的救援捐款。	The United Nations has promised to provide an additional US225 million in relief donations to the people in the earthquake-stricken areas of Syria.	no
本周早些时候，联合国已经宣布拨款2500万美元用于土耳其和叙利亚赈灾。	Earlier this week, the United Nations announced an allocation of 25 million U.S. dollars for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.	no
60年来全球发生的破坏性最强的大地震	The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years	no
智利大地震（1960年）	The Great Chilean Earthquake (1960)	no
当地时间1960年5月22日下午3点11分，智利瓦尔迪维亚发生人类史上观测记录到的规模最大的地震，地震矩规模为9.5。	At 3:11 pm local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake observed and recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a moment magnitude of 9.5.	no
短短十分钟内，瓦尔迪维亚整座城市变为废墟。	In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia turned into ruins.	no
地震之后引发的巨大海啸袭击到智利海岸线，掀起浪高高度是25米高的巨大海啸。	The huge tsunami caused by the earthquake hit the Chilean coastline, setting off a huge tsunami with a wave height of 25 meters high.	no
海啸波及到遥远的日本、菲律宾。	The tsunami spread to distant Japan and the Philippines.	no
如此范围的灾难所造成的罹难人数以及经济损失无法精确得知。	The number of victims and economic losses caused by a disaster of this magnitude cannot be accurately known.	no
60年来全球发生的破坏性最强的大地震	The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years	no
阿拉斯加大地震（1964年）	Great Alaska Earthquake (1964)	no
1964年3月27日是一个星期五，也是是耶稣受难日。	March 27, 1964 was a Friday, and it was also Good Friday.	no
这一天美国阿拉斯加发生北美洲历史上最大的地震，矩震级达到9.2。	On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.	no
直到2006年，阿拉斯加大地震仍然是有纪录以来世界第三大地震。	Until 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake was still the third largest earthquake in the world on record.	no
地震发生时，太平洋板块和北美洲板块之间的一个断层在威廉王子湾接近学院峡湾的地方断裂。	At the time of the earthquake, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate broke in Prince William Bay near College Sound.	no
在大部分的地区这场地震持续了3分钟到5分钟。	In most areas, the earthquake lasted from 3 minutes to 5 minutes.	no
海床位移引发了巨大的海啸，高度为67米。	The displacement of the seabed triggered a huge tsunami with a height of 67 meters.	no
由于当天是假日，所以学校和许多企业都关闭了。	Since the day was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.	no
这场大地震最后导致了139人罹难。	The earthquake eventually killed 139 people.	no
其中9人直接死于地震，其他130人死于地震引发的海啸。	Among them, 9 people died directly from the earthquake, and the other 130 people died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.	no
60年来全球发生的破坏性最强的大地震	The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years	no
唐山大地震（1976年）	Tangshan Earthquake (1976)	no
1976年7月28日，中国河北省唐山市和丰南县在16小时内发生两次7级以上强烈地震。	On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or higher occurred in Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China within 16 hours.	no
震源距地面23千米。	The source of the earthquake was 23 kilometers from the ground.	no
唐山市全市交通、通讯、供水、供电中断，顷刻间被夷为平地。	The city's transportation, communications, water supply, and power supply in Tangshan City were interrupted, and it was razed to the ground in an instant.	no
140公里外的首都北京也有强烈震感。	A strong earthquake was also felt in Beijing, the capital 140 kilometers away.	no
据官方统计，包括北京、天津在内的所有受灾地区，地震造成242769人死亡，164851人重伤。	According to official statistics, in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries.	no
唐山大地震成为中国有记录至今第二多人死亡的地震，仅次于1556年嘉靖大地震。	The Tangshan Earthquake became the second deadliest earthquake on record in China, second only to the Great Jiajing Earthquake in 1556.	no
但是有海外科学家估计，这场地震可能造成至少65万人死亡。	But some overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake may have killed at least 650,000 people.	no
60年来全球发生的破坏性最强的大地震	The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years	no
印度洋大地震（2004年）	The Great Indian Ocean Earthquake (2004)	no
2004年12月26日，印尼苏门答腊岛亚齐省西岸160公里处发生地震，震源深度30公里，矩震级9.1到9.3。	On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers off the west coast of Aceh Province, Sumatra, Indonesia, with a depth of 30 kilometers and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.	no
地震引发了浪高高度达15到30米的巨大海啸。	The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with a wave height of 15 to 30 meters.	no
太平洋沿岸总共14个国家被波及，其中受灾严重最严重的地区包括印尼亚齐省、泰国镐立和普吉岛渡假区、斯里兰卡和印度泰米尔邦。	A total of 14 countries on the Pacific coast were affected, of which the most severely affected areas included Aceh Province in Indonesia, the resort areas of Koh Li and Phuket in Thailand, Sri Lanka and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	no
当时正值圣诞节的旅游旺季，受灾地区聚集了大量的旅客和本地居民，导致许多在沙滩上享受假期的旅客和在海边工作的当地人被海啸卷到海底，使这次地震不少人成为失踪者。	At that time, it was the peak tourist season of Christmas. A large number of tourists and local residents gathered in the affected areas, resulting in many tourists enjoying holidays on the beach and locals working by the sea being swept to the bottom of the sea by the tsunami, making many people missing in the earthquake.	no
据估计，罹难人数和失踪人数至少有30万人。	It is estimated that the number of dead and missing is at least 300,000.	no
60年来全球发生的破坏性最强的大地震	The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years	no
汶川大地震（2008年）	Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)	no
2008年5月12日，中国四川省汶川地区发生大地震。	On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in Wenchuan, Sichuan Province, China.	no
根据中国地震局的数据，此次地震的面波震级达8.2级、矩震级达8.3级，破坏地区超过10万平方公里。	According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the earthquake had a surface wave magnitude of 8.2 and a moment magnitude of 8.3, and the damage area exceeded 100,000 square kilometers.	no
截至2008年9月25日，地震共计造成69227人遇难，17923人失踪，374643人不同程度受伤，1993.03万人失去住所，受灾总人口达4625.6万人。	As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had killed a total of 69,227 people, 17,923 people were missing, 374,643 people were injured to varying degrees, 19.9303 million people lost their homes, and the total affected population reached 46.256 million.	no
是中华人民共和国成立以来破坏力最大的地震，也是唐山大地震后伤亡最惨重的一次。	It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and it was also the one with the heaviest casualties after the Tangshan Earthquake.	no
2009年3月，中国国务院宣布将每年的5月12日定为防灾减灾日，加强对民众的教育和对防灾减灾工作的关注。	In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12th of each year will be designated as Disaster prevention and Mitigation Day to strengthen public education and pay attention to disaster prevention and mitigation.	no
之后中国多地政府和中小学在每年这一天举行防震演习。	After that, many governments and primary and secondary schools in China held earthquake-proof exercises on this day of the year.	no
中小学也开始重视普及“防震减灾”教育。	Primary and secondary schools have also begun to pay attention to popularizing “earthquake prevention and disaster reduction” education.	no
60年来全球发生的破坏性最强的大地震	The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years	no
海地地震（2010年）	Haiti Earthquake (2010)	no
2010年1月12日，加勒比海岛国海地发生里氏7.0级的地震。	On January 12, 2010, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.0 on the Richter scale occurred in Haiti, an island country in the Caribbean Sea.	no
震中位于海地首都太子港以西南方25公里，震源距离地表13千米左右。	The epicenter of the earthquake was located 25 kilometers west and south of Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti, and the source of the earthquake was about 13 kilometers from the surface.	no
国际红十字会估计，受到地震影响的人口大约为300万。	The International Red Cross estimates that the population affected by the earthquake is about 3 million.	no
海地政府公布的确认死亡人数超过20万。	The confirmed death toll announced by the Haitian government exceeded 200,000.	no
海地国内的一些地区，多达90%的房屋在地震中被摧毁。	In some areas of Haiti, as many as 90% of houses were destroyed in the earthquake.	no
虽然国际社会提供了大量援助和支持，但是这个人口过剩腐败横行的贫困国家从未从这场灾难中恢复过来。	Although the international community has provided a lot of assistance and support, this poor country with overpopulation and rampant corruption has never recovered from this disaster.	no
60年来全球发生的破坏性最强的大地震	The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years	no
日本东北大地震（2011年）	The Great Tohoku Earthquake in Japan (2011)	no
2011年3月11日日本东北地方外海发生矩震级为9.0的大型逆冲区地震。	On March 11, 2011, a large-scale thrust zone earthquake with a moment magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the coast of Northeast Japan.	no
震中位于在宫城县首府仙台市以东的太平洋海域，震源深度测得数据为24千米，并且引发最大爬高40.1米的巨大海啸。	The epicenter of the earthquake was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai City, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture. The depth of the source was measured at 24 kilometers, and it triggered a huge tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.	no
这场地震是日本有观测纪录到以来第一个震级超过9的地震。	This earthquake was the first earthquake with a magnitude of more than 9 in Japan since it was observed and recorded.	no
约有2.2万人在灾害丧生，大约40万座建筑被完全摧毁或倒塌。	About 22,000 people lost their lives in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.	no
福岛第一核电站受地震海啸影响发生泄漏事故。	The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was affected by the earthquake and tsunami and a leakage accident occurred.	no
这次事故在国际核事件分级表（INES）中被分类为最严重的7级。	The accident was classified as the most serious level 7 in the International Nuclear Incident Classification Table (INES).	no
福岛核事故导致在全世界都测量到微量辐射性物质，包括碘-131、铯-137（半衰期为30年）在内。	The Fukushima nuclear accident caused trace amounts of radioactive substances to be measured all over the world, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (with a half-life of 30 years).	no
大量放射性同位素因此核事故释入太平洋。	A large number of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of a nuclear accident.	no
根据联合国的统计，在土叙两国灾区，目前至少有87万人急需食物。	According to statistics from the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in the disaster areas of Turkey and Syria are currently in urgent need of food.	no
仅仅在叙利亚，就有多达530万人因为地震而失去家园。	In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes due to the earthquake.	no
世界粮食计划署（WFP）呼吁拨款7700万美元，为土耳其和叙利亚因为地震而流离失所的灾民提供食物。	The World Food Programme (WFP) has called for an allocation of US777 million to provide food to victims displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.	no
目前灾区气温低至零下，很多灾民没有住所。	At present, the temperature in the disaster area is as low as minus, and many victims have no shelter.	no
土耳其政府分发了大量的热餐、帐篷和毯子，但是这些物资仍然难以送达很多急需帮助的人。	The Turkish government has distributed a large number of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to reach many people in urgent need.	no
而在深陷内战泥潭长达12年之久的叙利亚，地震则使民众的苦难处境雪上加霜。	In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has made the suffering of the people even worse.	no
在地震发生后的四天内，世界粮食计划署已经向土耳其和叙利亚的11.5万人提供了食物救济。	In the four days after the earthquake, the World Food Programme has provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.	no
世界卫生组织（WHO）则送去了72吨用于外伤处理和紧急手术的医药物资。	The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.	no
（美联社、路透社等）	(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)	no
© 2023年德国之声版权声明：本文所有内容受到著作权法保护，如无德国之声特别授权，不得擅自使用。	© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Notice: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.	no
任何不当行为都将导致追偿，并受到刑事追究。	Any improper behavior will lead to recovery and criminal prosecution.	no
NEWS GOV-MO: 警情通告：司警局呼吁市民提防假冒电讯公司诈骗短讯	NEWS GOV-MO: POLICE Information Notice: THE Provincial Police Department calls on the public to beware of fraudulent SMS messages from fake telecommunications companies	yes
近日司警局接获多宗电信诈骗案，不法分子假冒本澳电讯公司向事主发送附有网站连结的诈骗短信，以积分到期须尽快换领奖赏为饵，诱骗事主登入虚假网站进行兑换。	Recently, the police department of the division received a number of telecommunications fraud cases. Criminals pretended to be local telecommunications companies to send fraudulent text messages with links to websites to the owner, using the points as bait to redeem rewards as soon as possible when they expire, to trick the owner into logging in to the fake website for redemption.	yes
事主按指示输入信用卡资料及验证码，随即收到金融机构通知信用卡出现不明消费记录，怀疑信用卡资料经上述网站被盗取。	The subject entered the credit card information and verification code as instructed, and then received a notification from the financial institution that the credit card had an unknown consumption record, and it was suspected that the credit card information had been stolen through the above-mentioned website.	yes
经查，证实相关电讯公司并无发出上述短讯。	After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above SMS.	yes
司警局呼吁市民，如接获类似手机短讯须提高警惕，切勿登入短讯所载网站连结或提供任何个人资料；若被要求提供信用卡资料、帐户交易密码、交易验证码，更要加倍谨慎，防止信用卡被盗刷。	The Si Police Department urges the public to be vigilant if they receive similar mobile phone SMS messages. Do not log in to the website link contained in the SMS or provide any personal information. If you are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction password, and transaction verification code, you should be more cautious to prevent credit card theft. Swipe.	yes
防骗提示：	Anti-fraud tips：	yes
1. 多关注网络安全资讯，提高个人防范意识；	1. Pay more attention to network security information and raise personal awareness of prevention；	yes
2. 切勿随便登入来历不明的网站并在网站内登记个人及信用卡资料，以防遭人盗用；	2. Do not log in to websites of unknown origin casually and register personal and credit card information on the website to prevent theft.；	yes
3. 警惕假冒网站及钓鱼网站，时刻留意网站网址是否与官方网站完全相符；	3. Be wary of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website url exactly matches the official website；	yes
4. 为手机、移动装置或电脑安装防毒软件，并定期更新；	4. Install anti-virus software for mobile phones, mobile devices or computers and update them regularly；	yes
5. 怀疑遇到诈骗或其他犯罪时，应立即致电司警局防诈骗查询热线8800 7777或报案热线993求助。	5. If you suspect that you have encountered fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the anti-fraud enquiry hotline of the Police Department at 8800 7777 or the crime reporting hotline at 993 for help.	no
NEWS GOV-MO: 香港大型考察团走访澳门旅游景点设施 吸引港客并拓展港澳“联线同游”	NEWS GOV-MO: A large-scale Hong Kong delegation visited Macau's tourist attractions and facilities to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand “online travel” between Hong Kong and Macao	yes
旅游局组织由香港政府旅游部门、旅游业界及传媒代表组成超过100人的大型香港考察团到澳门，两天(10日及11日)的日程除了工作会议和业界洽谈，香港旅行社业界及传媒代表更分批走访澳门多个旅游景点、酒店及旅游相关设施，为香港市场引进最新的澳门旅游产品，同时促进两地文旅联动，共拓港澳“联线同游”市场。	MGTO organized a large-scale Hong Kong delegation of more than 100 people composed of representatives of the tourism department of the Hong Kong Government, the tourism industry and the media to Macao. In addition to work meetings and industry negotiations, the two-day (10th and 11th) schedule, representatives of the Hong Kong travel agency industry and the media also visited a number of tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macao in batches to introduce the latest Macao tourism products to the Hong Kong market, while promoting cultural tourism linkage between the two places to jointly expand the “online travel” market in Hong Kong and Macao.	yes
亲临考察引入澳门旅游新玩法	Visit in person to introduce a new way of playing Macau tourism	yes
是次香港百人大型考察团包括香港政府旅游相关部门领导主管、60多位来自旅行社及港澳跨境交通营运商的代表以及约30位分别来自旅游杂志及报章的记者、旅游社交媒体、网络媒体代表及博客/网红等，亲临澳门交流考察，了解澳门最新旅游资源，香港业界及媒体将澳门旅游的新玩法带给香港居民以至访港旅客，藉香港交通枢纽的优势，拓展港澳“联线同游”市场。	The large-scale delegation of 100 people in Hong Kong included leaders of tourism-related departments of the Hong Kong Government, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transportation operators between Hong Kong and Macao, and about 30 reporters from travel magazines and newspapers, travel social media, online media representatives and bloggers/net celebrities, etc., to visit Macao for exchanges and visits to learn about Macao's latest tourism resources. The Hong Kong industry and the media will bring the new gameplay of Macao tourism to Hong Kong residents and visitors to Hong Kong, taking advantage of the advantages of Hong Kong's transportation hub to expand the “online travel” market in Hong Kong and Macao.	yes
两天紧密行程 觅商机 增宣传	Two-day intensive itinerary to find business opportunities and increase publicity	yes
考察团于昨今两天分组参观世界遗产“澳门历史城区”、体验澳门大赛车博物馆、“时空穿梭‧游历三巴” —— 大三巴牌坊沉浸式数字体验展、澳品荟、氹仔旧城区，以及多个大型度假村酒店及设施：上葡京、The Karl Lagerfeld、永利皇宫、美狮美高梅、摩珀斯、澳门伦敦人、澳门银河、新濠天地的Artelli多维艺术空间及澳门威尼斯人的teamLab超自然空间等。	The delegation visited the world heritage site “Historic City of Macau” in groups yesterday and today, experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, “Time and Space Travel to Sanba"-the immersive Digital experience exhibition of the Sanba Arch, the Macau Fair, the Old Town of Taipa, and a number of large-scale resorts and facilities: Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, Meishi MGM, Morpheus, The Londoner Macao, Galaxy Macau, Artelli Multidimensional Art Space in City of Dreams and TeamLab Supernatural Space at The Venetian Macao.	yes
考察团成员透过参观澳门旅游设施、亲身体验澳门“旅游+”元素，将澳门旅游资源及游历经验分享给香港居民，整合澳门最新旅游产品推介及销售予香港居民。	Through visiting Macao's tourist facilities and experiencing Macao's “tourism+” elements firsthand, the members of the delegation shared Macao's tourism resources and travel experience with Hong Kong residents, and integrated Macao's latest tourism products to promote and sell to Hong Kong residents.	yes
吸引香港旅客 拓展港澳“联线同游”	Attract Hong Kong tourists to expand “online travel” between Hong Kong and Macao	yes
乘着通关复常的契机，旅游局铺开了香港市场的宣传攻势及推出各项优惠，其中包括推出了往返港澳交通票务优惠，以崭新的宣传片于线上线下平台投放广告等。	Taking advantage of the opportunity for customs clearance to return to normal, MGTO has launched a promotional campaign in the Hong Kong market and launched various discounts, including the launch of transportation ticketing discounts to and from Hong Kong and Macao, and the use of brand-new promotional videos to advertise on online and offline platforms.	yes
继上月邀请香港旅游业界领袖来澳交流考察及香港网红亲身体验澳门“旅游+”，这次再度组织香港旅游业界及传媒代表来澳考察，加大市场推广力度，吸引香港旅客来澳留宿消费，两地业界更洽商携手拓展港澳“联线同游”市场，共拓内地以至海外市场，促进两地旅游业复苏。	Following last month's invitation to leaders of the Hong Kong tourism industry to come to Macao for exchange and investigation and Hong Kong net celebrities to experience Macao's “Tourism+” firsthand, this time, representatives of the Hong Kong tourism industry and the media were once again organized to visit Macao to increase marketing efforts and attract Hong Kong tourists to stay in Macao for consumption. The two industries have also negotiated to work together to expand the “online travel” market in Hong Kong and Macao, jointly expand the Mainland and overseas markets, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry in the two places.	yes
习近平回信勉励援中非中国医疗队队员 以仁心仁术造福当地人民 以实际行动讲好中国故事 - 滚动新闻 - 湖南日报网 - 华声在线	Xi Jinping wrote back and encouraged the members of the Chinese medical team to aid Central Africa to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence. Tell the Chinese story well with practical actions-Rolling News-Hunan Daily-Huasheng Online	yes
习近平回信勉励援中非中国医疗队队员 以仁心仁术造福当地人民 以实际行动讲好中国故事	Xi Jinping wrote back and encouraged the members of the Chinese medical team to aid Central Africa to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, and to tell a good Chinese story with practical actions.	yes
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [来源:新华社] [责编:李絮枫] 字体:【大 中 小】	2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Responsible Editor: Li Xufeng] Font: 【Large, Medium and small】	yes
新华社北京2月10日电 中共中央总书记、国家主席、中央军委主席习近平2月9日给第19批援助中非共和国的中国医疗队队员回信，向他们以及广大援外医疗队员致以问候并提出殷切期望。	Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th, Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, President of the State, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, wrote back to the 19th batch of Chinese medical team members assisting the Central African Republic on February 9th, extending greetings to them and the majority of foreign medical team members and putting forward ardent expectations.	yes
习近平在回信中说，你们在中非克服工作生活上的困难，用心服务当地民众，既是救死扶伤的白衣天使，也是传递情谊的友好使者。	In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you have overcome the difficulties of work and life in Central Africa and served the local people with your heart. You are not only angels in white who save lives and injuries, but also friendly messengers who convey friendship.	yes
今年是中国援外医疗队派遣60周年，谨向正在和曾经执行援外医疗任务的同志们致以诚挚的慰问。	This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of the Chinese foreign aid medical team. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are and have performed foreign aid medical missions.	yes
习近平指出，中国人民热爱和平、珍视生命，援外医疗就是生动的体现。	Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign aid medical care is a vivid embodiment.	yes
希望你们不忘初心、牢记使命，大力弘扬不畏艰苦、甘于奉献、救死扶伤、大爱无疆的中国医疗队精神，以仁心仁术造福当地人民，以实际行动讲好中国故事，为推动构建人类卫生健康共同体作出更大贡献。	I hope you will not forget your original intention and keep in mind your mission, and vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team that is not afraid of hardships, willing to give, saving lives and injuries, and boundless love, so as to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, tell the Chinese story well with practical actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a human health community.	yes
援外医疗是我国援外工作的重要内容。	Foreign aid medical care is an important content of our country's foreign aid work.	yes
1963年，我国向阿尔及利亚派出第一支援外医疗队。	In 1963, my country sent the first foreign medical team to Algeria.	yes
60年来，累计向非洲、亚洲、美洲、欧洲和大洋洲的76个国家和地区派遣医疗队员3万人次，诊治患者2.9亿人次，赢得国际社会广泛赞誉。	Over the past 60 years, a total of 30,000 medical personnel have been dispatched to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, and 290 million patients have been treated, which has won wide praise from the international community.	no
目前，援外医疗队在全球56个国家的115个医疗点工作，其中近一半在偏远艰苦地区。	At present, foreign aid medical teams work in 115 medical sites in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.	no
近日，第19批援中非中国医疗队的11名队员给习近平总书记写信，汇报学习贯彻党的二十大精神、为当地民众提供医疗服务等情况，表达为推动构建人类卫生健康共同体贡献力量的决心。	Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of Chinese medical teams assisting China and Africa wrote to General Secretary Xi Jinping to report on learning and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party, providing medical services to the local people, etc., and expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a human health community.	no
新进中央委员会的委员、候补委员和省部级主要领导干部学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想和党的二十大精神研讨班结业 - 滚动新闻 - 湖南日报网 - 华声在线	Newly entered members of the Central Committee, alternate members and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to learn and implement Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese Characteristics and the completion of the Seminar on the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party-Rolling News-Hunan Daily-Huasheng Online	yes
新进中央委员会的委员、候补委员和省部级主要领导干部学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想和党的二十大精神研讨班结业	Newly promoted members of the Central Committee, alternate members and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels completed the seminar on learning and implementing Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese Characteristics and the 20th National Congress of the Party.	yes
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [来源:新华社] [责编:李絮枫] 字体:【大 中 小】	2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Responsible Editor: Li Xufeng] Font: 【Large, Medium and small】	yes
新华社北京2月10日电 新进中央委员会的委员、候补委员和省部级主要领导干部学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想和党的二十大精神研讨班10日下午在中央党校（国家行政学院）结业，中共中央政治局常委、中央书记处书记蔡奇出席结业式并作总结讲话。	Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th, newly entered members of the Central Committee, alternate members and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to learn and implement Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese Characteristics and the Party's 20th National Congress Spirit seminar closed at the Central Party School (National Academy of Administration) on the afternoon of the 10th. Cai Qi, Member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the closing ceremony and made a concluding speech.	yes
他表示，要深入学习贯彻习近平总书记在研讨班开班式上的重要讲话精神，更加坚定拥护“两个确立”、坚决做到“两个维护”，增强本领、真抓实干，扎实推进中国式现代化各项工作，在全面建设社会主义现代化国家、全面推进中华民族伟大复兴中创造经得起历史、实践和人民检验的业绩。	He said that he should deeply study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly support the “two establishment” and resolutely achieve “two maintenance”, strengthen his skills, do hard work, and firmly promote the various tasks of Chinese-style modernization, and create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice and the people in building a modern socialist country in an all-round way and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation in an all-round way.	yes
研讨班期间，全体学员以习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想为指导，认真学习党的二十大精神和习近平总书记在研讨班开班式上的重要讲话，联系实际深入研讨交流，深化了对中国式现代化一系列重大理论和实践问题的认识，增强了在以习近平同志为核心的党中央坚强领导下以中国式现代化全面推进中华民族伟大复兴的信心和决心，增强了履职尽责、做好工作、确保新时代新征程良好开局的责任感和使命感。	During the seminar, all the students took Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era as their guide, carefully studied the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party and the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, contacted actual in-depth discussions and exchanges, and deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization. Under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, they have the confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation with Chinese-style modernization, and have enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission to perform their duties conscientiously, do a good job, and ensure a good start to the new era.	yes
结业式上，研讨班10名代表发言，汇报交流了学习收获。	At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar spoke and reported and exchanged their learning gains.	yes
蔡奇表示，学习贯彻习近平新时代中国特色社会主义思想和党的二十大精神，既是当前和今后一个时期的首要政治任务，也是一项长期战略任务，要按照“全面学习、全面把握、全面落实”的要求，推动学习贯彻工作不断往深里走、往实里走、往心里走。	Cai Qi said that learning to implement Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the 20th National Congress of the Party in the new era is not only the primary political task in the current and future periods, but also a long-term strategic task. It is necessary to promote learning and implementation in accordance with the requirements of “comprehensive learning, comprehensive grasp, and comprehensive implementation.” The work continues to go deep, to the truth, and to the heart.	yes
要更加深刻领悟“两个确立”的决定性意义，坚决维护习近平总书记的核心地位、维护党中央权威和集中统一领导，不断提高政治判断力、政治领悟力、政治执行力，始终在思想上政治上行动上同以习近平同志为核心的党中央保持高度一致。	It is necessary to more deeply understand the decisive significance of the “two foundations”, resolutely safeguard the core status of General Secretary Xi Jinping, maintain the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralized and unified leadership, continuously improve political judgment, political comprehension, and political execution, and always maintain a high degree of consistency with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core in thought and political actions.	yes
要努力掌握好马克思主义理论这一看家本领，自觉用党的创新理论武装头脑、指导实践、推动工作，在深学、细悟、笃行上下功夫，真正学出坚定信念、学出绝对忠诚、学出使命担当。	We must strive to master the skill of Marxist theory, consciously use the Party's innovative theory to arm the mind, guide practice, and promote work, and work hard on deep learning, careful understanding, and committed practice to truly learn firm belief, absolute loyalty, and mission responsibility.	yes
要以奋发有为的精神状态贯彻落实好党的二十大各项决策部署，扎实推进中国式现代化，撸起袖子加油干，扑下身子当好“施工队长”，一步一个脚印把蓝图变为现实。	We must implement the decision-making and deployment of the 20th National Congress of the Party in a state of vigorous and promising spirit, firmly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves and work hard, get down and be a good “construction captain”, step by step to turn the blueprint into reality.	no
要牢记全面从严治党永远在路上、党的自我革命永远在路上，压紧压实全面从严治党政治责任，以党的政治建设为统领，深入推进新时代党的建设新的伟大工程。	It is necessary to keep in mind that comprehensive and strict governance of the Party is always on the way, and the Party's self-revolution is always on the way. We must tighten and consolidate the political responsibilities of comprehensive and strict governance of the Party, take the Party's political construction as the leader, and deeply promote the new great project of Party construction in the new era.	no
要增强推动高质量发展本领、服务群众本领、防范化解风险本领，大兴调查研究之风，坚决防止和克服形式主义、官僚主义。	It is necessary to strengthen the ability to promote high-quality development, serve the masses, and prevent and resolve risks, develop the style of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.	no
石泰峰、李干杰、李书磊、陈文清、刘金国、王小洪出席结业式，陈希主持结业式。	Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo, and Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the graduation ceremony.	no
Google AI聊天机器人“答错问题” 母公司股价蒸发千亿美元	Google AI chatbot “answered the wrong question” The parent company's stock price evaporated by hundreds of billions of dollars	yes
（综合11日电）	(Comprehensive 11th)	yes
Google新推出的人工智能聊天机器人Bard出师不利，在宣传短片中“答错问题”，导致Google母公司Alphabet股价周三一度急挫8.9%，跌破100美元大关，市值蒸发1100亿美元（约4765亿令吉），截至周五闭市报94.57美元。	Google's newly launched artificial intelligence chatbot Bard was unfavorable. It “answered the wrong question” in the promotional video, which caused the share price of Google's parent company Alphabet to fall sharply by 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the美元100 mark, and its market capitalization evaporated by 110 billion US dollars (about 476.5 billion ringgits). As of Friday's close, the market was at 94.57 US dollars.	yes
市场担心Alphabet不及竞争对手微软。	The market is worried that Alphabet is not as good as rival Microsoft.	yes
根据《路透社》报道，google较早时在社交媒体发布AI聊天机器人Bard的宣传短片，片中有人询问Bard：“我可以告诉我9岁的孩子关于James Webb太空望远镜 (JWST) 的哪些新发现？	According to Reuters, Google released a promotional video of the AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier. In the video, someone asked Bard: “Can I tell my 9-year-old about the new discoveries of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?"	yes
”Bard在回答中提到该望远镜曾拍摄到太阳系外行星的第一张照片。	"Bard mentioned in his answer that the telescope had taken the first picture of an extrasolar planet.	yes
不过，根据美国国家航空航天局资料，太阳系外行星的第一张照片是由欧洲南方天文台的“甚大望远镜”于2004年所拍。	However, according to NASA, the first photo of an extrasolar planet was taken by the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in 2004.	yes
《路透社》更以“Bard回答错误后Alphabet股价暴跌”为题报道。	"Reuters" also reported on the topic ”Alphabet's stock price plummeted after Bard answered incorrectly."	yes
另一方面，Google指出，Bard的回应“突显了严格测试过程的重要性”，会把外部反馈与自己的内部测试结合起来，以确保Bard的回应“在质量、安全和真实信息的基础上达到高标准”。	On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response “highlights the importance of a rigorous testing process” and will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response “meets high standards based on quality, safety, and truthful information.”	yes
新加坡旅游业复苏强劲 入境旅客比2021年增长19倍	Singapore's tourism industry has recovered strongly, and inbound tourists have increased 19 times over 2021.	yes
（综合11日电）新加坡旅游局近日公布，预计2023年到访新加坡的国际旅客人次可达1200万至1400万，将带来约180亿至210亿新元的旅游收益；旅客人次和旅游收入将恢复到2019年新冠疫情前约67%至75%的水平；2024年旅游业实现全面复苏的可能性很大。	(Comprehensive 11th) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that it is expected that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore in 2023 will reach 12 million to 14 million, which will bring about S新18 billion to S新21 billion in tourism revenue; the number of tourists and tourism revenue will return to the level of about 67% to 75% before the new crown epidemic in 2019; it is very likely that the tourism industry will achieve a full recovery in 2024.	yes
2022年新加坡旅游市场逐步重新启动和恢复。	The Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and resume in 2022.	yes
新加坡旅游局最新发布的统计数据显示，2022年入境旅客从2021年的33.06万人次增长19倍，达到630万人次，超越旅游局早前预估的400万至600万人次，游客已经恢复至疫情前33%的水平。	The latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board show that inbound tourists in 2022 have increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million, surpassing the Tourism Board's earlier estimate of 4 million to 6 million, and tourists have returned to the pre-epidemic level of 33%.	yes
2022年1月至9月，新加坡旅游收入共计89.6亿新元，预计2022年全年旅游收入可达138亿至143亿新元，比2021年的18.9亿新元增长6倍至7倍，已经恢复到2019年新冠疫情前约50%至52%的水平。	From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled S新8.96 billion. It is expected that the annual tourism revenue in 2022 will reach S新13.8 billion to S新14.3 billion, an increase of 6 to 7 times from S新1.89 billion in 2021, and it has returned to the level of about 50% to 52% before the New Crown epidemic in 2019.	yes
新加坡政府多措并举，加速旅游业复苏。	The Singapore government has taken multiple measures at the same time to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.	yes
2022年4月，政府宣布拨款近5亿新元用来刺激旅游业复苏。	In April 2022, the Government announced an allocation of nearly S新500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.	yes
旅游局日前宣布，将计划在未来两年从这笔预算中拨出1.1亿新元，推出更多商业和休闲活动吸引旅客回流。	The Tourism Bureau recently announced that it plans to allocate S新110 million from this budget in the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists back.	yes
为了使健康养生成为新加坡的旅游亮点之一，新加坡旅游局在2022年11月23日发布了一份意向征集活动，计划在新加坡南部海岸开发一个健康养生景点。	In order to make health and health one of Singapore's tourism highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board released a solicitation of intent on November 23, 2022, planning to develop a health and health attraction on the southern coast of Singapore.	yes
新加坡旅游局体育与康养旅游执行署长王凌丽说，近年来，越来越多的游客把身体健康放在各项考虑因素的首位。	Wang Lingli, Executive Director of Sports and Health Tourism of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have put physical health at the top of various considerations.	yes
在拥有滨海湾花园、滨海堤坝的滨海南区开发一个健康养生景点，有望为新加坡的旅游业和经济作出贡献，让游客在新加坡消费并逗留更久。	The development of a health and health attraction in the Southern Marina District, which owns Gardens by the Bay and Marina Embankment, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, allowing tourists to spend and stay in Singapore longer.	no
新加坡旅游局局长陈建隆表示，未来几年内，健康养生将成为新加坡旅游产品的重要组成部分。	Chen Jianlong, director of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in the next few years, health and health will become an important part of Singapore's tourism products.	no
新冠疫情提升了公众对于身体和心理健康的认知和需求。	The new Crown epidemic has increased public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.	no
为此，过去两年旅游局一直向本地公众和国际游客推广健康养生项目。	To this end, the Tourism Bureau has been promoting health programs to the local public and international tourists in the past two years.	no
2022年6月，新加坡旅游局举办了首届健康养生节，为公众提供了130多项各类健康活动和体验。	In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health Festival, providing the public with more than 130 various health activities and experiences.	no
新加坡将持续为游客提供新的旅行体验。	Singapore will continue to provide tourists with new travel experiences.	no
除新开放的新加坡儿童博物馆、滨海湾花园的阿凡达世界、圣淘沙中央海滩市集、艺术科学博物馆新增的“探索新领域”展厅，以及夜间野生动物园新建的露天剧场外，旅游局将支持万态野生动物世界的飞禽公园等项目发展与更新，使新加坡成为具有吸引力的国际旅行地。	In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, the Avatar World in Gardens by the Bay, the Sentosa Central Beach Market, the new “Exploring New Areas” exhibition hall of the Artscience Museum, and the newly built amphitheater in the Night Safari Park, the Tourism Bureau will support the development and renewal of projects such as the Bird Park in the World of Wild Animals, making Singapore an attractive international travel destination.	no
按照计划，新加坡将于2023年年内制定会议、会展与奖励旅游业可持续发展的相关行业标准，并着重改善废物处理和碳排放两大方面的问题，进一步优化旅游环境。	According to the plan, Singapore will formulate relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive tourism industry within 2023, and focus on improving waste treatment and carbon emissions to further optimize the tourism environment.	no
新加坡旅游业的复苏加快了航空业复苏。	The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.	no
数据显示，截至2022年12月18日，樟宜机场客流量强劲复苏，每天接待的乘客已多达15万人次，每周约100万人次，相当于新冠疫情前的75%左右，航空业员工在岗数量也已经恢复到疫情前约90%的水平。	Data show that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport's passenger traffic has recovered strongly, receiving as many as 150,000 passengers per day, about 1 million passengers per week, which is equivalent to about 75% of the pre-COVID-19 epidemic. The number of employees in the aviation industry has also returned to the level of about 90% before the epidemic.	no
数据显示，2022年1月至10月新加坡已接待旅客2360万人次，相当于新冠疫情前的42%，起降航班17万架次，是疫情前的53%。	Data show that from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million passengers, which is equivalent to 42% of the pre-COVID-19 epidemic, and 170,000 take-off and landing flights, which is 53% of the pre-epidemic level.	no
旅游业快速复苏，也带动了住宿、交通、餐饮和购物等行业的复苏步伐。	The rapid recovery of tourism has also driven the pace of recovery in industries such as accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping.	no
新加坡政府和旅游业对中国市场寄予厚望。	The Singapore government and the tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.	no
新加坡旅游局国际司助理局长柯淑丹说，中国旅行平台的一项调查显示，新加坡的安全指数位列全球前三，这也是新加坡深受中国游客喜爱的原因之一。	Ke Shudan, assistant director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that a survey by the Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore's safety index ranks among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is loved by Chinese tourists.	no
新冠疫情前，中国每年有约360万人次到新加坡旅行度假。	Before the New Crown epidemic, about 3.6 million people in China traveled to Singapore for vacation every year.	no
随着中国放宽边境政策，预计今年中国游客人次可恢复至2019年的三成至六成。	As China relaxes its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to 30% to 60% in 2019 this year.	no
柯淑丹指出，接下来，旅游局将密切关注中国针对出境旅行政策进一步释放的信号，以应对游客需求的变化。	Ke Shudan pointed out that in the future, the Tourism Bureau will pay close attention to the further signals released by China's outbound travel policy to respond to changes in tourist demand.	no
新加坡旅游局除与携程等中国线上旅行平台、旅行社强化伙伴关系外，将针对中国境外游出现的新趋势，积极做好接待中国游客的准备。	In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to the new trends in overseas travel in China.	no
展望2023年旅游市场，新加坡旅游局充满信心，认为全球经济只要不出现显著衰退影响公众收入，以及不再有新的大面积致命疫情暴发等情况出现，旅游业复苏步伐将快于预期。	Looking forward to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is full of confidence that as long as the global economy does not experience a significant recession affecting public income, and there are no new large-scale deadly outbreaks, the pace of tourism recovery will be faster than expected.	no
金正恩父女互动亲密 老婆遭冷落一旁	Kim Jong-un's father and daughter interact intimately and his wife is left out in the cold	yes
（综合11日电）朝鲜8日晚间举行建军节第75周年阅兵仪式，领导人金正恩的女儿金主爱不仅出席，还与父亲一同站上主席台。	(Comprehensive 11th) North Korea held a military parade for the 75th anniversary of the founding of the Army on the evening of the 8th. The daughter of leader Kim Jong-un, Kim Jong-ae, not only attended, but also stood on the podium with her father.	yes
朝鲜官媒9日公布影片，金主爱依偎在父亲身边，数次温情对视、讲悄悄话，她用双手轻捧老爸的脸颊，甚至摸著父亲胸口，父女互动画面播送至举国上下。	North Korean state media announced the video on the 9th. Kim Jong-ae snuggled next to her father, looking at each other warmly and whispering several times. She gently held her father's cheek with both hands, and even touched her father's chest. The interactive picture of father and daughter was broadcast to the whole country.	yes
然而，第一夫人李雪主只能退到一旁。	However, the first lady Li Xuejun could only retreat to the side.	yes
综合韩国“朝鲜新闻”等报导，金正恩、李雪主夫妇7日带著女儿金主爱出席晚宴的官方合照中，金主爱不仅罕见坐在父母正中间C位，在隔日晚间建军节第75周年阅兵仪式上，她还与金正恩一起登上主席台。	Based on South Korea's “North Korea News” and other reports, Kim Jong-un, Li Xuejun and his wife took their daughter Kim Jae-ae to attend the dinner on the 7th. In the official group photo, Kim Jae-ae not only rarely sat in the middle of her parents in the C position, she also boarded the podium with Kim Jong-un at the 75th anniversary military parade on the evening of the next day.	yes
朝鲜官媒“朝鲜中央电视台”事后释出阅兵式影片，曝光了更多父女情深的画面。	North Korea's state-run media “North Korea Central Television" later released a video of the military parade, exposing more pictures of father and daughter affection.	yes
金正恩在主席台上数次与女儿对望，两人脸上的笑容从未退去，还互相在耳边讲悄悄话，金主爱一度以双手捧起老爸的两颊，金正恩也以灿笑回应。	Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the podium. The smiles on the faces of the two never faded, and they whispered in each other's ears. At one point, Kim Jong-un held his father's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un also responded with a big smile.	yes
其他官媒画面也显示，金主爱与金正恩坐在室内沙发椅上时，用手不断摸著父亲的脸；她与父亲挽著手走路时，一边用手摸在金正恩的胸口。	Other state media footage also showed that when Kim Jong-un and Kim Jong-un were sitting on the indoor sofa and chair, they kept touching their father's face with their hands; when she walked arm in arm with her father, she touched Kim Jong-un's chest with her hands.	yes
而第一夫人李雪主全程只能走在后头或是坐在一旁，总是距离丈夫和女儿有几步之差。	The first lady, Li Xuejun, can only walk behind or sit aside throughout the process, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.	yes
韩国媒体指出，金主爱自去年11月18日试射火星17飞弹首次在公开露脸以来，3个月以来曝光机率越来越高，至今已是第5度出现于正式场合。	South Korean media pointed out that since Kim Jong-ae first showed his face in public with the test launch of the Mars 17 missile on November 18 last year, the probability of exposure has been getting higher and higher in the past three months, and it is the fifth time he has appeared on a formal occasion.	yes
朝鲜官媒提及金主爱时使用了最亲爱的子弟、尊贵的子弟等极高尊称，也播出金主爱在看台上俯瞰阅兵行进时反覆高喊誓死拥护白头血统的片段。	When North Korean state media mentioned Kim Jong-ae, they used extremely high honorific titles such as dearest child and noble child. They also broadcast clips of Kim Jong-ae repeatedly shouting and vowing to support the white-headed bloodline when he was in the stands overlooking the military parade.	no
这些迹象让外界怀疑金主爱是否已经被内定为金氏政权的继承人，《华盛顿邮报》分析认为“这是金正恩把中学年纪的女儿推上接班人地位的讯号”，不过也有观点认为，这样的判断仍为时过早，在金正恩膝下有儿子的情况中，仍保有各种可能性。	These signs have made the outside world wonder whether Kim Jong-il has been internally designated as the heir to the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that “this is a signal that Kim Jong-un has promoted his middle-school-age daughter to the position of successor.” However, there are also views that such a judgment is still too early. In the case of Kim Jong-un having a son under his knee, there are still various possibilities.	no
重阳问答︱如何看待美国1月非农就业数据大超预期及未来趋势 - 经济观察网 － 专业财经新闻网站	Chongyang Q&A-How to view the US non-farm payrolls data for January exceeded expectations and future trends-Economic Watch-Professional Financial News Website	yes
Q：请问重阳投资，如何看待美国1月非农就业数据大超预期及未来趋势？	Q: What does Chongyang Investment think of the US non-farm payrolls data for January that exceeded expectations and future trends?	yes
A：2月3日美国劳工部公布2023年1月非农就业数据，新增非农就业51.7万人，大幅高于市场预期的18.9万人；失业率降至3.4%，为近50年以来的最低位；时薪同比增速4.4%，环比增速0.3%，略有放缓。	A: On February 3, the U.S. Department of Labor released non-farm payrolls data for January 2023, with 517,000 new non-farm payrolls, which was significantly higher than the 189,000 expected by the market; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest level in nearly 50 years; hourly wages grew by 4.4% year-on-year, and the growth rate was 0.3% sequentially, a slight slowdown.	yes
从总量上来看，本次数据存在很多一次性和技术性因素的扰动，比如罢工返岗的教职工、调查统计口径的修正、季调因子的更新，后续可能将有所修正（参考2022年1月新增非农由50.4万人下修至36.4万人），非农就业或不像数据体现的那样强劲。	From the overall point of view, there are many one-time and technical factors in the data this time, such as the number of faculty and staff returning from strikes, the revision of survey statistics, and the update of seasonal adjustment factors. There may be revisions in the future (refer to the new non-farm payrolls in January 2022 from 504,000 to 364,000), non-farm payrolls may not be as strong as the data shows.	yes
从结构上来看，高科技企业裁员影响仍在，但占比较低；高接触性服务业如休闲酒店、教育保健等新增就业大幅回升，数据显示服务业劳动力缺口仍存。	From a structural point of view, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still there, but the proportion is relatively low; new employment in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and health care has rebounded sharply, and data show that the labor gap in the service industry still exists.	yes
结合同样大超预期的服务业PMI、岗位空缺和劳动力缺口数据的回升和消费信贷数据的强势，我们判断经过极端天气和节假日后美国服务业迎来了快速修复。	Combined with the equally larger-than-expected service industry PMI, the rebound in job vacancies and labor gap data, and the strength of consumer credit data, we judge that the U.S. service industry has ushered in a rapid repair after extreme weather and holidays.	yes
我们认为，在不经过衰退的情况下美国就业市场的供需紧张难以改善。	We believe that the tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will be difficult to improve without a recession.	yes
目前美国劳动力市场尚有500余万的供给缺口，而劳动参与率上行缓慢，尤其是25-54岁劳动参与率已经接近疫情前高点。	At present, there is still a supply gap of more than 5 million in the U.S. labor market, and the labor participation rate is rising slowly, especially the labor participation rate of 25-54 years old is close to the pre-epidemic high.	yes
除此之外，由于美国居民超额储蓄和消费信贷的强势，消费需求的强劲将促使紧缩政策对就业市场的影响进一步滞后。	In addition, due to the excess savings of U.S. residents and the strength of consumer credit, the strength of consumer demand will cause the impact of tightening policies on the job market to lag further.	yes
美国就业市场供需持续紧张将是2023年美国经济的底色。	The continued tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will be the background of the U.S. economy in 2023.	yes
叠加目前临近加息结束，通胀预期不断反复，我们对薪资增速的持续下降并不乐观。	Given that the current interest rate hike is nearing the end and inflation expectations continue to repeat, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.	no
本次数据公布前，美国股债汇市场对于美联储加息路径的预期过于乐观。	Before the release of this data, the US stock, bond and foreign exchange market's expectations of the Fed's interest rate hike path were too optimistic.	no
随着通胀数据的持续改善，美联储在缩短加息步伐的同时还不断维系着市场通胀预期脆弱的平衡，但市场对于美联储偏向鹰派的表述视而不见，不仅预期提前停止加息，还预期年末两次降息。	With the continuous improvement of inflation data, the Fed has shortened the pace of interest rate increases while maintaining the fragile balance of market inflation expectations, but the market has turned a blind eye to the Fed's hawkish statement. Not only is it expected to stop raising interest rates early, but it is also expected to cut interest rates twice at the end of the year.	no
在劳动力市场供需紧张，紧缩政策影响不明的情况下，我们认为美联储年末对于加息的指引是相对合理的，市场极端预期的调整和交易的拥挤或将对市场产生一定伤害。	In the case of tight supply and demand in the labor market and the unknown impact of tightening policies, we believe that the Fed's guidance for raising interest rates at the end of the year is relatively reasonable. The adjustment of extreme market expectations and the crowding of transactions may cause some harm to the market.	no
尽管如此，薪资增速的顽固难改当前通胀快速下降的趋势，随着M2数据同比转负以及各个CPI分项领先指标的逐渐转好，自10月份以来美国CPI数据已经转向快速下降阶段，薪资增速的顽固仅会对以后的通胀数据形成托底，当前的市场预期难以证伪，在下一期通胀数据公布后市场或进入新一轮博弈。	Nevertheless, the stubbornness of wage growth is difficult to change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. With the negative year-on-year M2 data and the gradual improvement of the leading indicators of various CPI sub-items, the US CPI data has turned to a stage of rapid decline since October. The stubbornness of wage growth will only support future inflation data. The current market expectations are difficult to falsify, and the market may enter a new round of games after the next inflation data is released.	no
杉杉创始人郑永刚因突发心脏疾病过世 曾带领中国服装第一股转型 - 经济观察网 － 专业财经新闻网站	Zheng Yonggang, the founder of Shanshan, passed away due to a sudden heart disease. He led the transformation of China's first clothing stock. -Economic Watch-Professional financial news website	yes
经济观察网 记者 郑淯心 2月11日，认证主体为杉杉控股有限公司（以下简称“杉杉控股 ” ） 的微信公众号发布讣告，杉杉企业创始人、杉杉控股董事局主席郑永刚因突发心脏疾病救治无效，于2023年2月10日去世，享年65岁。	Economic Observer reporter Zheng Zhixin on February 11, the WeChat public account of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shanshan Holdings”), the main body of the certification, published an obituary. Zheng Yonggang, the founder of Shanshan Enterprises and chairman of the Board of Directors of Shanshan Holdings, died on February 10, 2023 at the age of 65 due to a sudden heart disease. Invalid treatment.	yes
上世纪80年代，郑永刚担任国营棉纺厂的厂长，随着调任，1989年郑永刚成为杉杉股份的前身宁波云港服装总厂的厂长。	In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of the state-owned cotton spinning factory. With the transfer, Zheng Yonggang became the director of Ningbo Yungang Garment Factory, the predecessor of Shanshan Shares, in 1989.	yes
2022年12月，在第二十届中国企业领袖年会暨第二十二届中国企业未来之星年会上，郑永刚在演讲中称，在上世纪90年代的中国西服市场，杉杉品牌的市占率曾高达37 % 。	In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Meeting of Chinese Business Leaders and the 22nd Annual Meeting of Future Stars of Chinese Companies, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the market share of the Shanshan brand was as high as 37%.	yes
1996年杉杉股份（600884.SH）上市，成为中国服装业第一家上市公司。	In 1996, Shanshan Shares (600884.SH ) Listed, becoming the first listed company in China's garment industry.	yes
就在服装业务如日中天时，杉杉集团却开始转型，因为郑永刚意识到 ， “ 一旦市场放开，中国品牌自然会形成一个梯队式品牌市场，杉杉西服想一直独领风骚，长期成为国人的国服的可能性不大 ” 。	Just when the clothing business was in full swing, Shanshan Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized that "once the market is liberalized, Chinese brands will naturally form an echelon brand market. Shanshan suits want to dominate for a long time, and it is unlikely that they will become the national service of Chinese people for a long time.”	yes
1999年，杉杉开始研究企业转型，郑永刚回忆当年 ， “ 我们来到上海，寻求到底转型做什么，专门找了很多专家学者，连续不断地开一些诸葛亮会、务虚研讨会。	In 1999, Shanshan began to study corporate transformation. Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, “We came to Shanghai to find out what to do with the transformation. We specially found many experts and scholars, and held some Zhuge Liang meetings and retreats continuously. Seminars.	yes
最后，我们设定了两个大的战略方向。	Finally, we set two major strategic directions.	yes
第一个方向是新能源新材料，另外一个是大健康有未来 ” 。	The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is "great health has a future".	yes
战略方向确定后，杉杉开始寻找合作，那时候鞍山热能院为鞍钢配套的炭素研究所在做国家863课题，科研经费不够，于是杉杉和鞍山热能院碳素研究所签署合作协议，共同推动国家863课题“中间相炭微球”项目产业化，从事负极材料的研发、生产和销售，在国内实现负极材料的商用推广。	After the strategic direction was determined, Shanshan began to look for cooperation. At that time, the carbon Research Institute of Anshan Institute of Thermal Energy supporting Ansteel was working on the national 863 project, and the scientific research funds were not enough, so Shanshan and the Carbon Research Institute of Anshan Institute of Thermal Energy signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the National 863 project “Intermediate phase carbon microspheres” project, engaged in the research and development, production and sales of anode materials, and realize the commercial promotion of anode materials in China.	yes
2001年，杉杉股份实现中间相炭微球的规模化生产，开始国产化替代，取代日本成为国内中间相炭微球主要供应商。	In 2001, Shanshan Co., Ltd. realized the large-scale production of intermediate-phase carbon microspheres and began to replace them with localization, replacing Japan as the main supplier of intermediate-phase carbon microspheres in China.	no
这是中国第一家锂离子电池负极材料生产企业，实现了锂离子电池负极材料国产化。	This is the first manufacturer of anode materials for lithium-ion batteries in China, and it has realized the localization of anode materials for lithium-ion batteries.	no
随着锂电池的应用迅速普及，杉杉股份的锂电池业务开始逐步发展，2007年锂电材料业务被写入了杉杉股份的主营业务，服装业务营收占比逐年减少，直至2013年，杉杉股份的锂电材料业务收入全面超过服装业务。	With the rapid popularization of the application of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Shanshan Shares began to gradually develop. In 2007, the lithium battery materials business was included in the main business of Shanshan Shares, and the proportion of revenue from the clothing business decreased year by year. Until 2013, Shanshan Shares' lithium battery materials business revenue fully surpassed the clothing business.	no
2021年2月，杉杉股份成功并购LG化学偏光片业务，进军LCD偏光片市场，并成立偏光片企业杉金光电，该领域技术含量比较高，杉杉的主要的竞争对手都是世界500强，如韩国三星、日本的住友化学、日东电工。	In February 2021, Shanshan Shares successfully acquired LG Chem's polarizer business, entered the LCD polarizer market, and established a polarizer company Shanjin Optoelectronics. The technical content in this field is relatively high. Shanshan's main competitors are the world's top 500, such as South Korea's Samsung, Japan's Sumitomo Chemical, and Nitto Denko.	no
郑永刚曾分享过投后管理的心得 ， “ 中国的民营企业收购国际上的一些高科技企业，成功概率比较低，为什么那些收购会失败？	Zheng Yonggang once shared his experience in post-investment management, "Chinese private companies acquire some international high-tech companies with a relatively low probability of success. Why do those acquisitions fail?	no
因为大家都会去考虑，我花了那么多钱，我得去派人管对吧，这是通常会做的一个行为 ” ， 然而郑永刚则不同，杉杉收购成功的那一天，郑永刚就到杉金光电当众宣布，杉杉作为杉金的大股东，决定实施一企两制，除了郑永刚担任董事长，杉杉企业的人不派到杉金，采取授权经营的方式，原有的分配制度、企业文化、各项管理等模式不变。	Because everyone will think about it, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to take care of it, right? This is an act that is usually done.” However, Zheng Yonggang is different. On the day of the successful acquisition of Shanshan, Zheng Yonggang went to Shanjin Optoelectronics to announce in public that Shanshan, as the majority shareholder of Shanjin, decided to implement one enterprise and two systems. Except for Zheng Yonggang as the chairman, people from Shanshan enterprises are not sent to Shanjin and adopt an authorized operation method. The original distribution system, corporate culture, and various management models remain unchanged.	no
ICC鑫椤资讯发布2022年负极数据显示，杉杉负极2022年出货量突破20万吨，同比增幅100 % ， 市场份额达16 % ， 人造石墨负极材料出货量蝉联榜首。	According to the 2022 negative electrode data released by ICC Xinshun Information, Shanshan's negative electrode shipments in 2022 exceeded 200,000 tons, a year-on-year increase of 100%, and its market share reached 16%. The shipment of artificial graphite negative electrode materials ranked first.	no
在偏光片业务方面，Yano Research统计显示，公司旗下杉金光电2022年全球市场份额达到29 % ， 预计2023年市场份额将达到32 % ， 持续位列全球第一。	In terms of polarizer business, Yano Research statistics show that the company's Shanjin Optoelectronics' global market share will reach 29% in 2022, and it is expected that the market share will reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.	no
2022年前三季度，杉杉股份的营收为158.41亿元，净利润为23.13亿元，2月10日，杉杉股份的股价为19.24元/股，总市值为436亿元。	In the first three quarters of 2022, Shanshan's revenue was 15.841 billion yuan and its net profit was 2.313 billion yuan. On February 10, Shanshan's share price was 19.24 yuan per share, with a total market capitalization of 43.6 billion yuan.	no
2月9日，杉杉股份在互动平台表示，2022年底，公司石墨化有效产能约10万吨，眉山项目的石墨化产能尚在爬坡中。	On February 9th, Shanshan Shares said on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's effective graphitization production capacity will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitization production capacity of the Meishan project is still climbing.	no
万得显示，目前郑永刚仍为杉杉股份的董事长和实际控制人。	According to Wonder, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshan Shares.	no
天眼查显示，郑永刚持有杉杉控股有限公司的总股权比例是40.1 % 。	Tianyan Inspection showed that Zheng Yonggang's total shareholding in Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd. was 40.1%.	no
杉杉股份的总经理为李智华，1968年生，历任东莞市杉杉电池材料有限公司,宁波杉杉新材料科技有限公司,湖南杉杉能源科技有限公司董事长,宁波杉杉股份有限公司副总经理。	The general manager of Shanshan Shares is Li Zhihua, born in 1968. He has served as the chairman of Dongguan Shanshan Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan New Material Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshan Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and Deputy General Manager of Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd.	no
杉杉股份2月10日在投资者互动平台表示，本公司高级管理人员与本公司实际控制人不存在亲属关系。	Shanshan Shares stated on the investor interaction platform on February 10 that there is no kinship relationship between the company's senior management and the actual controller of the company.	no
“基金E账户”来了：证监会授权开发 投资者名下所有基金实现归集和查询 - 经济观察网 － 专业财经新闻网站	”Fund E account" is here: the SFC authorized the development of all funds under the investor's name to realize the collection and inquiry-Economic Watch-Professional financial news website	yes
经济观察网 记者 陈姗 基金购买渠道繁杂导致账户信息归集不易？	Chen Shan, a reporter for <url>, said that the complicated purchase channels of funds make it difficult to collect account information?	yes
总是遗忘“小金库”？	Always forget the "little vault”?	yes
基民的这些问题即将得到解决。	These problems of the CDU are about to be resolved.	yes
2月10日，证监会公告称，“基金E账户”APP在各手机应用商店上架并开展公开试运行。	On February 10th, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that the “Fund E Account” APP was launched in various mobile app stores and launched a public trial operation.	yes
据介绍，“基金E账户”为个人投资者提供公募基金账户及份额信息的“一站式”查询服务，旨在解决广大中小投资者遗忘账户、查询繁琐等行业服务痛点。	According to reports, the “Fund E account” provides individual investors with a “one-stop” query service for public fund account and share information, aiming to solve the pain points of the majority of small and medium-sized investors' forgotten accounts, cumbersome inquiries and other industry services.	yes
据Wind数据显示，截至2022年底，国内共有公募基金管理人156家，管理基金规模约26万亿元；公募基金份额登记机构167家，公募基金销售机构411家。	According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there are 156 public fund managers in China, with a fund size of about 26 trillion yuan under management; 167 public fund share registration agencies and 411 public fund sales agencies.	yes
各份额登记机构账户体系相互独立，缺乏行业统一的查询渠道。	The account systems of each share registration agency are independent of each other, and there is a lack of a unified inquiry channel for the industry.	yes
有行业人士表示，2021年末我国基金投资者超过7.2亿人，也就是说，全国有一半人都投资了基金产品。	Some industry sources said that at the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in our country, that is to say, half of the people in the country invested in fund products.	yes
此前，投资者需要通过不同销售机构查询购买情况，而通过“基金E账户”可以查询所有销售渠道购买的情况，持有基金情况一目了然。	Previously, investors needed to check the purchase status through different sales agencies, and through the “Fund E account”, they could check the purchase status of all sales channels, and the status of holding funds was clear at a glance.	yes
“基金E账户”APP是什么？	What is the ”Fund E Account" APP?	no
据相关文件介绍，“基金E账户”APP 是中国结算经中国证监会批准开发建设的公募基金行业门户手机应用，可为投资者提供全市场公募基金产品场外份额持有情况的一站式查询。	According to relevant documents, the “Fund E Account” APP is a public fund industry portal mobile application developed and built by China Clearing with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with a one-stop query on the OTC share holdings of public fund products in the whole market.	no
投资者可以通过“基金E账户”方便、快捷地掌握自己通过全市场各销售渠道购买的各基金管理人旗下公募基金产品场外份额的持有情况，全面提升查询效率。	Through the “Fund E account”, investors can easily and quickly grasp the holdings of the OTC shares of the public fund products of each fund manager purchased through various sales channels in the market, and comprehensively improve the efficiency of inquiries.	no
具体来说，投资者可以通过“基金E账户”查询到的信息包括：在全市场各公募基金管理人处开立的基金账户信息、在公募基金销售机构处开立的交易账户信息以及持有的包括公开募集证券投资基金以及证券公司设立管理的投资者人数不受200人限制的集合资产管理计划等产品的场外份额持有情况。	Specifically, the information that investors can query through the “Fund E Account” includes: fund account information opened at various public fund managers in the market, trading account information opened at public fund sales agencies, and OTC share holdings of products including publicly raised securities investment funds and collective asset management plans that are not limited to 200 investors established and managed by securities companies.	no
上海证券基金评价研究中心业务负责人刘亦千向经济观察网记者表示，投资者可以通过“基金E账户”App一站式获知其所有的场外公募基金持有情况，帮助其找回“被遗忘的资产”，更重要的是为客户实现了综合基金投资情况的全账户信息归集，帮助客户更及时、准确、完整的掌握自身投资情况，从而更好地优化自身的基金组合配置，更好地规划自身的财务安排。	Liu Yiqian, head of the business of the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told reporters from the Economic Observation Network that investors can learn about all their OTC public fund holdings through the “Fund E Account” App in one stop, helping them retrieve “forgotten assets”, and more importantly, for customers to achieve a comprehensive fund investment situation. The full account information is collected to help customers more timely, accurate and complete grasp of their own investment situation, so as to better optimize their own fund portfolio allocation and better plan their own financial arrangements.	no
如何注册使用？	How to register for use?	no
记者注意到，目前，“基金E账户”APP已在华为、苹果、小米、OPPO、vivo等手机应用商店上架，但APP尚处于公开试运行阶段，注册需要填写邀请码，投资者可以联系所持有基金的基金管理人获取。	The reporter noticed that at present, the “Fund E Account” APP has been listed on mobile app stores such as Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo, etc., but the APP is still in the public trial operation stage. You need to fill in the invitation code to register. Investors can contact the fund manager of the fund they hold to obtain it.	no
上海一家中大型公募基金客服人员向经济观察网记者提供了一个6位数的邀请码，并告诉记者，“APP试运行阶段，中国结算提供给每个基金管理人一定数量的邀请码，投资者电话过来获取，我们都会提供。	The customer service staff of a large and medium-sized public equity fund in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to a reporter from <url>, and told the reporter, “During the trial operation of the APP, China Clearing provides each fund manager with a certain number of invitation codes. Investors call to get them, and we will provide them.	no
等试运行结束后，开放用户注册时就不用邀请码了。	After the trial operation is over, the invitation code will not be used when the user registration is opened.	no
”	”	no
记者根据证监会官网公示的“基金E账户”下载及使用说明相关文件进行了账户注册并完成查询，整个过程耗时仅几分钟，主要分为四步：用户注册、实名认证、基金账户绑定、公募基金查询。	The reporter registered the account and completed the inquiry according to the relevant documents of the “Fund E Account” download and usage instructions published on the official website of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The whole process took only a few minutes and was mainly divided into four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, and public fund inquiry.	no
通过实名认证这一步之后，点击“资产”基金绑定按钮，记者通过各个基金销售平台购买的所有基金产品都呈现在绑定选项列表中（可绑定账户），完成绑定后就可以直观看到所投基金总资产并可以开始使用查询功能了。	After passing the real-name authentication step, click the ”Assets" fund binding button. All fund products purchased by reporters through each fund sales platform are presented in the list of binding options (accounts can be bound). After the binding is completed, you can visually see the total assets of the invested fund and you can start using the query function.	no
值得注意的是，“基金E账户”仅为投资者提供查询服务，并不能进行申赎买卖。	It is worth noting that the "Fund E Account" only provides investors with inquiry services and cannot be used for redemption transactions.	no
“基金 E 账户”所显示的数据日期一般为用户进行查询的日期（T日)往前推三个交易日。	The data date displayed in the “Fund E Account” is generally the date on which the user made the query (T day), which is pushed forward by three trading days.	no
比如，在2 月10日打开“基金E账户”，资产页所显示的总资产、基金份额、基金净值对应日期为该日期往前推三个交易日，即2月7日。	For example, if the “Fund E Account” is opened on February 10, the corresponding date of total assets, fund shares, and fund equity displayed on the asset page is three trading days before that date, that is, February 7.	no
版权声明：以上内容为《经济观察报》社原创作品，版权归《经济观察报》社所有。	Copyright notice: The above content is the original work of the "Economic Observer", and the copyright belongs to the "Economic Observer".	no
未经《经济观察报》社授权，严禁转载或镜像，否则将依法追究相关行为主体的法律责任。	Without the authorization of the "Economic Observer", reprinting or mirroring is strictly prohibited, otherwise the relevant actors will be investigated for legal responsibility in accordance with the law.	no
版权合作请致电：【010-60910566-1260】。	For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].	no
同抗中共 美日菲达成防卫共识	Reached a defense consensus with the United States, Japan and the Philippines against the CCP	yes
亚洲 – 2月9日，菲律宾总统小马科斯（Bongbong Marcos）造访日本，与首相岸田文雄会谈。	ASIA-On February 9th, Philippine President Bongbong Marcus visited Japan for talks with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.	yes
双方就反对中共侵犯南海与东海达成共识，菲日领导人在会后发布共同声明表示，将通过和美国签署三边防卫协议，进行实质防务交流，反对中共霸权政策。	The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's encroachment on the South and East China Seas. The leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement after the meeting saying that they will conduct substantive defense exchanges through the signing of a trilateral defense agreement with the United States to oppose the CCP's hegemonic policy.	yes
根据日本媒体的说法，岸田文雄希望藉这次会晤帮助日菲两国建立针对台海危机的政策。	According to Japanese media, Fumio Kishida hopes to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies against the Taiwan Strait crisis.	yes
小马科斯今年1月初曾访华，并且获得价值200亿美元的协议。	Marcus visited China in early January this year and won an agreement worth 20 billion U.S. dollars.	yes
但在这之后，中菲关系不仅没好转，反倒下滑。	But after that, not only did Sino-Philippine relations not improve, but they declined.	yes
本月初，菲律宾与美国签署协议，同意对美军开放更多基地，保障南海安全。	Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States, agreeing to open more bases to the United States military to ensure security in the South China Sea.	yes
新增加的一个基地距离台湾300公里，也是最接近中国的一个地点。	The newly added base is 300 kilometers away from Taiwan and is also the closest location to China.	yes
如果台湾出现危机，美军可能会在菲律宾的基地发动行动。	If there is a crisis in Taiwan, the US military may launch operations at bases in the Philippines.	yes
日本媒体认为，现在日韩台澳乃至菲律宾都与美国形成轴心，构建西太平洋的“对抗中共弧线”，以推动地区合作。	The Japanese media believe that Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines are now forming an axis with the United States to build an “arc against the CCP” in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.	yes
国民党副主席夏立言访中传达宋涛语：九二共识下欢迎绿营访陆	Xia Liyan, Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, conveyed Song Tao's words during his visit: Welcome to Lvying to visit Lu under the 92nd Consensus	yes
台湾中国国民党副主席夏立言今次访中先后会见中国国台办主任宋涛与中共中央政治局常委王沪宁。	Xia Liyan, Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang of China in Taiwan, met with Song Tao, director of the State Taiwan Office of China, and Wang Huning, Member of the Standing Committee of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China, during his visit to China.	yes
国民党官方机构国政基金会资深顾问赵春山昨天晚上接受台湾中央社采访，积极评价宋涛对夏立言所说，只要认同“九二共识”与反台独，中国欢迎绿营人士到访大陆。	Zhao Chunshan, a senior consultant of the National Government Foundation, the official organ of the Kuomintang, was interviewed by Taiwan's Central News Agency last night and positively commented on what Song Tao said to Xia Liyan. As long as he agrees with the “92 Consensus” and the anti-Taiwan independence, China welcomes people from the green camp to visit the mainland.	yes
国民党方面评价认为是新鲜事物。	The Kuomintang evaluated it as a novelty.	yes
夏立言稍早会见宋涛当日新闻没有提及此说法。	This statement was not mentioned in the news of the day Xia Liyan met with Song Tao earlier.	yes
台湾执政的民进党连日澄清拒绝接受“九二共识”。	Taiwan's ruling Democratic Progressive Party has clarified for days that it refuses to accept the “92 Consensus.”	yes
据中央社今天称，国民党副主席夏立言率团访陆，在北京期间，分别会见中共中央政治局常委王沪宁、新任国台办主任宋涛，与北京市委书记尹力。	According to the Central News Agency today, Xia Liyan, vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, led a delegation to visit Lu. During his stay in Beijing, he met with Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, Song Tao, the new director of the State Taiwan Office, and Yin Li, secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee.	yes
夏立言与宋涛会面谈到国共的政治基础是“九二共识”与反台独，国民党国政基金会资深顾问赵春山则在会中表示，国民党的“九二共识”是原汁原味的“九二共识”。	Xia Liyan met with Song Tao and talked about the “92 Consensus” and anti-Taiwan independence as the political foundation of the Communist Party of China. Zhao Chunshan, a senior consultant of the Kuomintang National Government Foundation, said at the meeting that the Kuomintang's “92 Consensus” is the authentic “92 Consensus.”	yes
赵春山分析，这与前几次参与的会议感受不同。	Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this is different from the previous meetings he participated in.	yes
近期与大陆学界视讯座谈，以及这次的座谈，没有听到涉台学者讲武统与“反分裂法”，取而代之的是恢复交流与对话。	In the recent video discussion with the mainland academic community, and in this discussion, no Taiwan-related scholars were heard talking about martial arts and the "anti-secession law". Instead, exchanges and dialogues were resumed.	yes
赵春山指出，两岸兵凶战危，中国大陆盼能透过国民党转达改善关系的意向。	Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the cross-Strait war is dangerous, and mainland China hopes to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.	no
因为民共之间没有互信，对方仍愿做好对台湾人工作，代表不希望两岸关系搞坏。	Because there is no mutual trust between the People's Republic of China and the Communist Party of China, the other party is still willing to do a good job of working with Taiwanese, which means that it does not want cross-Strait relations to be damaged.	no
据赵春山也说，王沪宁也亲自下指示向宋涛讲“他们（台湾农渔民）提的要求，你们一定要落实”，若无法通盘解决，也要采个案处理。	According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally gave instructions to Song Tao to say, “You must implement the requirements made by them (Taiwanese farmers and fishermen).” If it cannot be resolved comprehensively, it must also be handled on a case-by-case basis.	no
该报道没有提及国民党人访大陆是否当面提及中国军机军舰每日扰台，台湾少数县市的农渔问题，以及中央社记者采访是否提问此类问题。	The report did not mention whether the Kuomintang people's visit to the mainland mentioned in person the daily disturbance of Taiwan by Chinese military aircraft and warships, the agricultural and fishing issues in a few counties and cities in Taiwan, and whether reporters from the Central News Agency asked such questions in interviews.	no
法工会再次动员反政府退休改革方案大游行	French trade unions once again mobilized anti-government retirement reform plan parade	yes
周六(2月 11日 )，法国工会再次发起反对政府退休金改革草案全国动员，呼吁民众走上街头，表达意见。	On Saturday (February 11), the French trade unions once again launched a national mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets to express their opinions.	yes
这是这次反对政府退休金制度改革草案的社会风潮的第四个行动日。	This is the fourth day of action against the social trend of the draft reform of the government's pension system.	yes
而有多少民众响应集会号召，可能影响工会团体下一步的行动方案。	And how many people respond to the call for the rally may affect the next action plan of the trade union group.	yes
这是一个月以来，法国8大工会团体第四次共同发起全国动员，也是这次抗议活动首次将集会安排在周六。	This is the fourth time in a month that the eight major French trade union groups have jointly launched a national mobilization, and it is also the first time that the protest has scheduled a rally on Saturday.	yes
鉴于对于大部分法国人来说，周六是公休日，他们不需要在是参加示威抗议活动，还是扣工资罢工之间做出选择，工会团体因此希望今天的集会活动能吸引更多人参与。	Given that for most French people, Saturday is a public holiday, they do not need to choose between participating in demonstrations and protests or strikes with wages deducted. Therefore, trade union groups hope that today's rally will attract more people to participate.	yes
公交系统地铁以及公营铁路公司的工会今天均未呼吁员工罢工，公交系统应该能正常运作，市民可以乘车前往集会地点，同时，在学校开始放冬假的地区，人们可以正常启程度假。	The labor unions of the bus system, the subway, and the public railway company did not call for employees to strike today. The bus system should be able to operate normally. Citizens can take a bus to the meeting place. At the same time, in areas where the school starts the winter vacation, people can leave for vacation normally.	yes
工会团体希望今天能有超过一百万人参加集会，而警方预期的全国参加人数可能在60万到80万之间，巴黎市区可能会集结9万到12万人。	Trade union groups hope that more than one million people will participate in the rally today, while the police expect that the number of participants across the country may be between 600,000 and 800,000, and 90,000 to 120,000 people may gather in urban Paris.	yes
自这次反政府退休金改革方案抗议行动开始以来，虽然民调显示，多数法国人不支持将法定退休年龄从目前的62岁推迟到64岁的措施，但真正走上街头参与游行的人数逐渐减少。	Since the beginning of the anti-government pension reform protests, although opinion polls have shown that most French people do not support the measure to postpone the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people who actually took to the streets to participate in the march has gradually decreased.	yes
1月31日的首次罢工示威活动在全国集结起127万到250万人。	The first strike demonstration on January 31st gathered 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.	yes
而本周二（2月7日）的示威人群已经缩水至全国75万7千人到两百万人之间。	The number of demonstrations on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and two million people across the country.	no
这项退休金改革方案目前正在法国国民议会讨论。	This pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.	no
在野党，尤其是以激进左翼为首的在野党团递交了无数修正提案，以至于审议进程推动十分缓慢。	Opposition parties, especially the opposition group led by the Radical Left, have submitted countless amendments, so that the review process has been very slow.	no
而朝野之间的争辩也日趋激烈尖锐。	And the debate between the dynasties and the opposition has become increasingly fierce and sharp.	no
激进左翼政党法国不屈服党一名议员日前在社交媒体上传送自己脚踏一只印有劳动部长头像的气球的图片，引发执政党抗议。	A member of the radical left party, the French Non-surrender Party, recently posted a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the head of the Minister of Labor on social media, sparking protests from the ruling party.	no
国民议会议长最终宣布禁止这名议员参加议会活动15天，作为对这种行为的处罚。	The speaker of the National Assembly finally announced that the member of parliament was banned from participating in parliamentary activities for 15 days as a punishment for this behavior.	no
尽管这项改革方案引发了最近20多年来法国最大规模的社会风潮，但到目前为止，政府虽然对草案略有调整，但并没有做出任何重大让步。	Although this reform plan has triggered the largest social trend in France in more than 20 years, so far, although the government has slightly adjusted the draft, it has not made any major concessions.	no
工会已经准备在下周四也就是16日再次发起行动，3月7日，改革草案送交参议院讨论时，工会也计划组织示威行动。	The trade union is ready to launch another action next Thursday, the 16th. On March 7, when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion, the trade union also plans to organize demonstrations.	no
中国鼓励拉高生育率 到高校催捐精 质量高标准	China encourages raising the fertility rate to colleges and universities to urge high quality standards for sperm donation	yes
中国云南省人类精子库9日发出宣传，征求大专以上学历者或在校生捐精，成功捐赠8至12次可获人民币4500元补贴。	The Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province, China, issued a publicity on the 9th to solicit sperm donations from those with a college degree or above or students in school. Successful donations of 8 to 12 times will receive a subsidy of RMB4,500.	yes
据台媒今天报道称，该讯息当日冲上微博热搜，并引发浙江、陕西、湖北、山东与北京等许多省市跟进倡议。	According to Taiwanese media reports today, the message was hotly searched on Weibo that day, and triggered follow-up initiatives in many provinces and cities such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.	yes
据自由时报署名报道称，中国鼓励大学生捐精。	According to a signed report by the Free Times, China encourages college students to donate sperm.	yes
各地高校捐精其中北京捐精门槛最高，除学历外，也要求身高170公分以上、五官端正、无明显脱发、近视度数不能高于600度。	Among the sperm donation thresholds in colleges and universities around the world, Beijing has the highest threshold for sperm donation. In addition to academic qualifications, it also requires a height of more than 170 cm, correct facial features, no obvious hair loss, and no degree of myopia higher than 600 degrees.	yes
据该报道称，云南省人类精子库指出，捐精者可获得价值1000人民币的全套男科体检，“尤其精液与染色体检测，大部分人从未做过，对了解自己的生育状态意义重大”。	According to the report, the Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province pointed out that sperm donors can get a full set of andrology physical examinations worth 1,000 yuan, “especially semen and chromosome testing, most people have never done it before, which is of great significance to understanding their fertility status.”	yes
捐精者条件包括，身高165公分以上、大专及以上学历或在读，无色盲色弱、B肝等遗传疾病与传染病者。	The conditions for sperm donors include those who are over 165 cm tall, have a college degree or above or are studying, have no color blindness, weak color, liver B and other genetic diseases and infectious diseases.	yes
报道引述中国天目新闻消息指，陕西省人类精子库印有“有偿捐精，无限光荣”的宣传海报，呼吁年轻人响应捐精，并鼓励网友转发相关讯息，“让爱心传递”。	The report quoted China Tianmu News as saying that the human sperm bank in Shaanxi Province printed a poster of “Paid sperm donation, unlimited glory“, calling on young people to respond to sperm donation, and encouraging netizens to forward relevant messages to ”let love pass."	yes
陕西省价码高于云南，合格者每次可领取人民币300元现金，完成一定次数的捐精者可获得人民币5000元补贴。	The price code of Shaanxi Province is higher than that of Yunnan. Those who are qualified can receive RMB 300 in cash each time, and those who complete a certain number of sperm donors can receive a subsidy of RMB5,000.	yes
而目前已知价码最高的是北京，最高补贴5150人民币。	At present, the highest known price tag is Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.	yes
东德最后一位共产党总理今去世	The last Communist prime minister of East Germany passed away today	yes
东德共产党的继任者在该党在一份声明中报告，“昨晚，汉斯·莫德罗 (Hans Modrow) 离开了我们，享年 95 岁。	The successor of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement from the party, “Last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.	yes
因此，我们的党失去了一位重要领导人。	Therefore, our party has lost an important leader.	yes
”	”	yes
1989 年 11 月 13 日，在将东柏林和西柏林分开 28 年的柏林墙打开四天后，莫德罗曾表示他将帮助把东德变成一个民主国家。	On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall, which separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Modro said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.	yes
当时，由于东德各地的抗议者要求民主和自由，共产党领导人被迫下台。	At that time, the leaders of the Communist Party were forced to step down as protestors across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.	yes
戈尔巴乔夫 (Mikhail Gorbachev) 在苏联上台后曾要求在苏联主导的东欧也进行变革。	After the Soviet Union came to power, Mikhail Gorbachev called for changes in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe.	yes
1990 年 3 月，莫德罗宣布德意志民主共和国 (GDR) 的第一次也是唯一一次自由选举。	In March 1990, Modro announced the first and only free election of the German Democratic Republic (GDR).	yes
选举结果导致他不再担任总理。	The election result caused him to no longer serve as prime minister.	yes
尽管莫德罗进行了改革，但反对者指责他试图推迟 1990 年 10 月发生的政治变革和统一。	Despite Modro's reforms, opponents accused him of trying to postpone the political changes and reunification that took place in October 1990.	yes
他还因试图重塑而不是废除秘密警察而受到批评。	He was also criticized for trying to reshape rather than abolish the secret police.	no
1993 年，莫德罗在 1989 年 5 月的市政选举中被判选举舞弊罪名成立，但并未入狱。	In 1993, Modero was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal election, but did not go to jail.	no
有称这些指控是出于政治动机。	It is said that these allegations are politically motivated.	no
1990 年至 1994 年，莫德罗继续在德国议会任职，并于 1999 年至 2004 年担任欧洲议会议员。	From 1990 to 1994, Modro continued to serve in the German Parliament and served as a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.	no
莫德罗将自己视为一名改革者，并希望从内部改变共产党。	Modro sees himself as a reformer and hopes to change the Communist Party from within.	no
1999 年，他告诉路透社，他不希望旧东德回归，但表示应该承认东德的成就。	In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said that East Germany's achievements should be recognized.	no
莫德罗于 1928 年出生在当时的德国小镇 Jasenitz（现为波兰的 Jasienica），并接受过机械师培训。	Modro was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a mechanic.	no
第二次世界大战期间，他担任青年消防队排长，并在冲突快结束时成为纳粹民兵组织 Volkssturm 的一员，该组织征召 16 至 60 岁的男子参加最后的战争挣扎。	During World War II, he served as a platoon leader of the youth fire brigade and became a member of the Nazi militia Volkssturm near the end of the conflict, which conscripted men between the ages of 16 and 60 to participate in the final war struggle.	no
17 岁时，莫德罗被苏联军队俘虏，作为战俘被带到苏联，在那里他参加了反法西斯课程，并成为一名坚定的共产党员。	At the age of 17, Modro was captured by the Soviet army and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he took an anti-fascist course and became a staunch Communist.	no
1949 年，即东德成立的那一年，他回国后找到了一份机械师的工作，并继续学习社会科学和经济学，并获得了博士学位。	In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he found a job as a mechanic after returning home, and continued to study social sciences and economics, and received a doctorate.	no
莫德罗是自由德国青年运动的一名工作人员，几乎所有东德年轻人都加入了该运动，并在 1973 年至 1989 年期间通过执政的社会统一党 (SED) 晋升为德累斯顿地区党的主席。	Modro was a staff member of the Free German Youth Movement. Almost all young East German people joined the movement and were promoted to the chairman of the Dresden Regional Party through the ruling Social Unity Party (SED) from 1973 to 1989.	no
他还在东德任职议会超过 30 年。	He also served in the parliament of East Germany for more than 30 years.	no
1990 年莫德罗成为东德事实上的领导人，担任最高国家职务。	In 1990, Modro became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state post.	no
伊朗纪念革命周年 支持抗议的黑客骇了总统电视讲话	Hackers supporting protests in Iran to commemorate the anniversary of the revolution hacked the president's TV speech	yes
伊朗伊斯兰共和国周六举行官方集会纪念伊朗革命 44 周年，但反政府黑客短暂打断了总统易卜拉欣·莱西的电视讲话。	The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally on Saturday to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ibrahim Lacey's television speech.	yes
总统的电视直播讲话在互联网上被中断了大约一分钟，屏幕上出现了一群反伊朗政府黑客的标志，他们的名字是“Edalat Ali（阿里正义）”。	The president's live TV speech was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute, and the logo of a group of anti-Iranian government hackers appeared on the screen. Their name was “Edalat Ali (Ali Justice)”.	yes
还出现有一个声音高喊“伊斯兰共和国去死”。	A voice also appeared shouting “Death to the Islamic Republic.”	yes
据路透社今天报道称，伊朗纪念革命周年，黑客中断国家电视台报道。	According to a Reuters report today, hackers interrupted state television coverage in Iran to commemorate the anniversary of the revolution.	yes
伊朗官方纪念伊朗革命 44 周年，莱西的强硬派政府面临着要求他们下台的年轻抗议者提出的最大胆的挑战，但莱西仍然呼吁“受骗的青年”悔改，这样他们才能得到伊朗最高领导人的赦免。	Iran officially commemorates the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution. Lacey's hard-line government faces the boldest challenge from young protestors demanding their ouster, but Lacey still calls on “deceived youth” to repent so that they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.	yes
22 岁的阿米尼 Mahsa Amini 于 9 月在该国道德警察的拘禁中死亡后，全国范围内的抗议活动席卷仍然在伊朗。	After the 22-year-old Mahsa Amini died in the custody of the country's German police in September, nationwide protests swept across Iran.	yes
伊朗安全部队对抗议活动进行致命镇压，这是伊斯兰共和国自 1979 年革命推翻 2500 年君主制以来面临的最强大挑战之一。	The deadly suppression of protests by Iranian security forces is one of the most powerful challenges facing the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution overthrew the 2,500-year monarchy.	yes
作为纪念革命周年大赦的一部分，伊朗当局于周五释放了绝食抗议的被监禁的持不同政见者法哈德·梅萨米和伊朗-法国学者法里巴·阿德尔哈。	As part of an amnesty to commemorate the anniversary of the revolution, the Iranian authorities released imprisoned dissidents Farhad Mesami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha who were on hunger strike on Friday.	yes
稍早最高领袖阿亚图拉·阿里·哈梅内伊 (Ayatollah Ali Khamenei) 发布了一项大赦令，其中包括一些在最近的反政府抗议活动中被捕的囚犯。	Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatullah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty order, including some prisoners arrested in the recent anti-government protests.	yes
据人权组织 HRANA 报告，截至周五，已有 528 名抗议者被杀，其中包括 71 名未成年人。	According to a report by the human rights organization HRANA, as of Friday, 528 protestors had been killed, including 71 minors.	no
报告说，还有 70 名政府安全人员被打死。	The report said that 70 government security personnel were also killed.	no
据信，多达 19,763 名抗议者被捕。	It is believed that as many as 19,763 protestors were arrested.	no
数周以来，伊朗领导人和官方媒体一直呼吁在星期六的集会上进行投票，以表明反对抗议活动以及支持政府。	For weeks, Iranian leaders and state media have been calling for a vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government.	no
在周五晚上的伊朗革命周年纪念日晚上，官方媒体展示了烟花作为政府赞助庆祝活动的一部分，人们高呼“Allahu Akbar！	On the evening of the anniversary of the Iranian revolution on Friday night, state media showed fireworks as part of a government-sponsored celebration, and people chanted “Allahu Akbar!"	no
（上帝是最伟大的！）”。	(God is the greatest!)”.	no
然而，集会中也可以听到许多人大喊“独裁者去死！	However, many people could also be heard shouting “Death to the dictator!" during the rally.	no
” 以及社交媒体上发布的视频中的“伊斯兰共和国之死”。	“And ”The death of the Islamic Republic" in a video posted on social media.	no
周六，政府电视台播出了全国各州官方集会的现场录像。	On Saturday, government television broadcast live videos of official gatherings in various states across the country.	no
在德黑兰，作为官方庆祝活动的一部分，展示了国产反弹道导弹、无人机、反潜巡洋舰和其他军事装备。	In Tehran, as part of the official celebration, domestically-made anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed.	no
总统莱西的演讲经常被“美国去死”的口号打断——这是州集会上的标志性口号。	President Lacey's speeches are often interrupted by the slogan ”Death to America"-an iconic slogan at state gatherings.	no
人群还高呼“以色列去死”。	The crowd also chanted “Death to Israel.”	no
路透社说，自 2019 年以来一直入狱的 Adelkhah 是在伊朗被拘留的七名法国国民之一，这是近几个月巴黎和德黑兰之间关系恶化的一个因素。	Reuters said Adelkhah, who has been in jail since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, which is a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.	no
她于 2020 年因国家安全罪名被判处五年徒刑。	She was sentenced to five years in prison on national security charges in 2020.	no
他们后来将她软禁在家，但在一月份她又回到了监狱。	They later put her under house arrest at home, but she returned to prison in January.	no
Adelkhah 否认了这些指控。	Adelkhah denied these allegations.	no
而梅萨米获释一周前，支持者警告说，他因绝食抗议而面临死亡风险。	A week before Mesami was released, supporters warned that he was at risk of death due to a hunger strike.	no
他于 2018 年因抗议强制戴头巾而被捕。	He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of headscarves.	no
法国外交部周五应对Adelkhah 获释，呼吁恢复她的自由，“包括如果她愿意，应当允许她返回法国。	The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday, calling for her freedom to be restored, “including that she should be allowed to return to France if she wishes."	no
”	”	no
气球事件更擦亮美国眼睛？	Does the balloon incident polish American eyes more?	yes
加强限制技术出口到中国	Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China	yes
据华尔街日报今天报道称，气球事件后，美国准备进一步收紧对华技术出口。	According to a report by The Wall Street Journal today, the United States is preparing to further tighten technology exports to China after the balloon incident.	yes
现任和前任安全官员表示，上述气球事件突显了中国构成的国家安全威胁，并将为加强美国技术保护争取更多政治支持。	Current and former security officials said that the above-mentioned balloon incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China and will seek more political support for strengthening the protection of U.S. technology.	yes
美国称该气球携带了用于情报收集和通信的天线和传感器。	The United States said the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence collection and communication.	yes
据前美国中央情报局高级官员、现供职于华盛顿智库新美国安全中心的Martijn Rasser说。	According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official who now works for the Center for a New American Security, a Washington think tank.	yes
“这无疑是火上浇油，支持了对华强硬派的观点”。	“This is undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire and supporting the views of hardliners against China.”	yes
白宫新闻秘书卡琳·让-皮埃尔(Karine Jean-Pierre)周四对记者表示，“我们还将考虑采取更大范围的行动，以揭露和应对中国更大规模的监视活动，这些活动对我们的国家安全以及我们的盟友和伙伴构成威胁。	White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday, “We will also consider taking broader actions to expose and respond to China's larger surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security and our allies and partners.	yes
”美国官员说，他们已向30多个国家的政府通报了上述气球事件的情况，国际协调对于应对中国威胁至关重要。	"U.S. officials said that they have notified the governments of more than 30 countries of the above-mentioned balloon incidents, and international coordination is essential to deal with the Chinese threat.	yes
战略与国际问题研究中心的高级研究员Emily Benso说，除了拜登政府的行动外，美国众议院新成立的美国与中国共产党战略竞争特设委员会也可能施压美国采取更严厉的措施来拖慢中国的发展。	Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Ad Hoc Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States and the Communist Party of China in the U.S. House of Representatives may also pressure the United States to take tougher measures to slow down China's development.	yes
她说，国会议员将感受到越来越大的压力，要求他们采取更强硬的立场，而这又可能会迫使白宫采取更强硬的政策。	She said that members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which in turn may force the White House to adopt a tougher policy.	no
华尔街日报称，许多主张更严格出口管制的人也在推动扩大管制范围，将人工智能等行业纳入其中。	According to The Wall Street Journal, many people who advocate stricter export controls are also pushing to expand the scope of controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.	no
美国政府也已经在制定一项对外投资审查计划，审视美国在海外的投资是否存在来自中国的潜在国家安全威胁。	The U.S. government is also already formulating an outbound investment review plan to examine whether there is a potential national security threat from China in U.S. overseas investment.	no
分析人士称，白宫可能会面临要求更快推出该计划的呼声。	Analysts said the White House may face calls for a faster launch of the plan.	no
土叙地震救灾夜以继日	Earthquake relief in Turkey and Syria day and night	yes
土耳其与相接的叙利亚发生强震以来，来自几十个国家的救援队日以继夜地在数千座震毁建筑的废墟中辛勤工作，解救被埋在瓦砾下的幸存者。	Since the strong earthquake in Turkey and neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked hard around the clock in the ruins of thousands of earthquake-damaged buildings to rescue survivors buried under the rubble.	yes
在冰冷的温度下，他们经常呼吁保持安静，因为他们竭力想从破旧的混凝土堆中听到任何生命的声音。	In the icy temperature, they often call for silence, because they desperately want to hear any sound of life from the dilapidated concrete pile.	yes
据路透社今天报道称，又有两名妇女在地震废墟中幸存数日后被救出。	According to a Reuters report today, two more women were rescued a few days after surviving the ruins of the earthquake.	yes
但是，地震造成的死亡人数攀升达 24,150 人。	However, the death toll from the earthquake climbed to 24,150.	yes
土耳其死亡人数为 20,665 人，叙利亚死亡人数超过 3,500 人。	The death toll in Turkey is 20,665, and the death toll in Syria is more than 3,500.	yes
周一发生的 7.8 级地震，在土耳其和叙利亚继续发生了几次强烈余震，是本世纪第七大致命自然灾害，超过了日本 2011 年的地震和海啸，接近 2003 年邻国伊朗地震造成的 31,000 人死亡。	The magnitude 7.8 earthquake that occurred on Monday continued to have several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria. It was the seventh deadliest natural disaster of this century, surpassing the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan, and approaching the 31,000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.	yes
1999 年在土耳其西北部发生的类似强烈地震造成 17,000 多人丧生。	A similar strong earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.	yes
土耳其当局周六表示，在该地区发生 20 年来最致命的地震后，两名妇女被困 122 小时，救援人员在土耳其从倒塌建筑物的废墟中救出了这两名妇女。	Turkish authorities said on Saturday that two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years. Rescuers rescued the two women from the ruins of a collapsed building in Turkey.	yes
另一名受伤的 55 岁男子被确认为 Masallah Cicek，他是从土耳其东南部最大城市迪亚巴克尔一座倒塌建筑的废墟中救出来的。	Another injured 55-year-old man was identified as Masallah Cicek, who was rescued from the ruins of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeast Turkey.	yes
在冰冷的温度下，救援者经常呼吁保持安静，因为他们竭力想从破旧的混凝土堆中听到任何生命的声音。	In the icy temperature, rescuers often call for silence because they desperately want to hear any sound of life from the dilapidated concrete pile.	no
在土耳其的 Samandag 区，救援人员蹲在混凝土板下，低声说着“Inshallah”——“上帝保佑”——他们小心翼翼地将手伸入废墟中，救出了一名 10 天大的新生儿。	In Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers squatted under concrete slabs and whispered “Inshallah”-“God bless”-they cautiously stretched their hands into the ruins and rescued a 10-day-old newborn.	no
他睁大双眼，婴儿 Yagiz Ulas 被包裹在保暖毯中，被抬到战地医院。	He opened his eyes wide, and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and carried to the field hospital.	no
视频图像显示，急救人员还带走了他的母亲，她在担架上头晕目眩，脸色苍白，但神志清醒。	Video images show that the first responders also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale on the stretcher, but conscious.	no
土耳其副总统福阿特·奥克塔伊 (Fuat Oktay) 连夜告诉记者，在过去 24 小时内，有 67 人从废墟中被救出，受灾地区共动用了 31,000 名救援人员。	Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that in the past 24 hours, 67 people were rescued from the ruins, and a total of 31,000 rescuers were used in the affected areas.	no
他说，大约有 80,000 人在医院接受治疗，而 105 万人因地震而无家可归，他们挤在临时避难所里。	He said that about 80,000 people were receiving treatment in hospitals, while 1.05 million people were homeless due to the earthquake and they were huddled in temporary shelters.	no
由于许多人在寒冷的冬季条件下缺乏食物，民众对两国领导人对救灾反应的质疑越来越多。	As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, people are increasingly questioning the response of the leaders of the two countries to disaster relief.	no
据叙利亚官方媒体称，叙利亚总统巴沙尔·阿萨德 (Bashar al-Assad) 与妻子阿斯玛 (Asma) 一起前往阿勒颇 (Aleppo) 的一家医院，据报道这是自地震以来他首次前往受灾地区。	According to Syrian state media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma went to a hospital in Aleppo. It was reported that this was the first time he had traveled to the affected area since the earthquake.	no
早些时候，世界粮食计划署表示，由于战争状态使救援工作变得复杂，它在叛军控制的叙利亚西北部的库存即将告罄。	Earlier, the World Food Programme said that due to the state of war complicating relief efforts, its stocks in rebel-controlled northwestern Syria are about to run out.	no
周五，埃尔多安访问了土耳其的阿德亚曼省，他承认政府的反应没有达到预期的速度。	On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adyaman province, and he admitted that the government's response did not reach the expected speed.	no
反对者抓住这个问题攻击埃尔多安，他将在 5 月 14 日举行的投票中竞选连任，但可能会因为灾难而推迟。	Opponents seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who will run for re-election in a vote held on May 14, but may be postponed due to the disaster.	no
路透社称，对延迟提供援助和启动救援工作的愤怒情绪可能会影响选举。	Reuters said that anger over the delay in providing assistance and starting rescue efforts may affect the election.	no
甚至在地震发生之前，投票就被视为埃尔多安执政二十年以来最严峻的挑战。	Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as Erdogan's most serious challenge in his two decades in power.	no
艾尔多安呼吁团结一致，并谴责他所谓的“为政治利益而进行的消极运动”。	Eldoan called for unity and condemned what he called “a negative campaign for political gain.”	no
土耳其主要反对党领袖凯末尔·基利达罗格鲁批评政府的反应。	Kemal Kilidaroglu, the leader of Turkey's main opposition party, criticized the government's response.	no
批评称，“地震很大，但比地震更严重的是缺乏协调、缺乏计划和无能。	The criticism said, “The earthquake is very big, but what is more serious than the earthquake is the lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence.	no
”	”	no
越通社河内——越通社特派记者报道，在访问文莱达鲁萨兰国期间，2月11日上午，越南政府总理范明政与夫人走访了文莱达鲁萨兰大学（UBD，简称“文莱大学”）。	Vietnam News Agency Hanoi-Vietnam News Agency special reporters reported that during his visit to Brunei Darussalam, on the morning of February 11, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife of the Vietnamese Government visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, referred to as “University of Brunei”).	yes
文莱大学是文莱最大的高等高等教育和科学研究中心，在本地区大学排行榜上位居第三。	The University of Brunei is the largest center of higher education and scientific research in Brunei, and ranks third in the rankings of universities in the region.	yes
文莱大学是越南与文莱在教育培训合作中的象征之一。	The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of Vietnam and Brunei's cooperation in education and training.	yes
文莱大学于2013年7月正式与越南FPT大学建立合作关系，主要合作领域是英语培训。	The University of Brunei officially established a cooperative relationship with FPT University in Vietnam in July 2013. The main area of cooperation is English training.	yes
除了英语、法语、德育、日语和韩语等外语外，文莱大学还将越南语纳入教学课程。	In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, moral education, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei also incorporates Vietnamese into its teaching curriculum.	yes
走访文莱大学时，越南政府总理范明政和夫人同越南语班的学生进行了交流。	During a visit to the University of Brunei, the Prime Minister of the Vietnamese Government, Fan Mingzheng, and his wife had an exchange with the students of the Vietnamese language class.	yes
范明政总理为越来越多的外国人喜欢学习越南语而感到高兴，进而为把越南文化特色和风土人情形象推广到世界各地作出积极贡献。	Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng is pleased that more and more foreigners like to learn Vietnamese, and in turn has made positive contributions to the promotion of Vietnamese cultural characteristics and customs to all parts of the world.	yes
政府总理范明政表示相信并希望文莱大学的越南语教师队伍日益强大；越南语班的学员越来越对越南语感兴趣，努力学习，能够早日使用流利的越南语，并成为越文两国友好合作关系的使者。	The Prime minister of the Government, Fan Mingzheng, expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teachers at the University of Brunei will become stronger and stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language class will become more and more interested in Vietnamese, study hard, and be able to use fluent Vietnamese as soon as possible, and become the messenger of friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries.	yes
趁此机会，范明政总理还通过视频方式与正在岘港市FPT-UBD全球中心学习英语的越南学生进行交流，了解他们特别是在疫情期间的学习情况。	Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng also communicated via video with Vietnamese students who are studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Da Nang City to learn about their learning, especially during the epidemic.	yes
政府总理范明政认为，越南FPT大学与文莱大学之间的合作关系特别是FPT-UBD全球中心是越南与文莱教育合作关系中的生动象征。	Government Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng believes that the cooperative relationship between Vietnam's FPT University and the University of Brunei, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the educational cooperative relationship between Vietnam and Brunei.	yes
同时希望该中心的学生在学习中取得更大的进步，为越文两国友好合作关系作出积极的贡献。	At the same time, I hope that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and China.	no
范明政总理在与文莱教育部部长和文莱大学领导展开讨论时高度评价两国在教育合作中所取得的成效，其中包括FPT大学与文莱大学之间的合作，以及文莱大学将越南语纳入教学课程这一举措。	During the discussion with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng highly praised the results achieved by the two countries in educational cooperation, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, and the University of Brunei's initiative to include Vietnamese in the teaching curriculum.	no
范明政总理希望文莱大学将继续关注确保越南语教学质量并进一步扩大越南语班的规模。	Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng hopes that the University of Brunei will continue to pay attention to ensuring the quality of Vietnamese teaching and further expand the scale of Vietnamese classes.	no
越南政府总理范明政还高度评价两国在于2014年4月签署的教育合作谅解备忘录基础上的合作所取得的积极成效；建议文莱继续提供更多的奖学金并有效开展各项短期互换培训项目，如：环球探索项目（Global Discovery Programme）、探索之年（Discovery Year）等。	The Prime minister of the Vietnamese Government, Fan Mingzheng, also highly praised the positive results achieved by the cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the Memorandum of Understanding on Educational Cooperation signed in April 2014; it is recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training projects, such as: Global Discovery Programme, Discovery Year, etc.	no
范明政总理高度赞赏文莱大学在越南设立其在东南亚第一个分校；相信该大学在地区和世界上的发展规模日益强大；进一步扩大与越南高等院校的合作关系。	Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng highly appreciates the establishment of the University of Brunei in Vietnam as its first branch in Southeast Asia; believes that the university's development in the region and the world is becoming stronger and stronger; and further expands its cooperative relations with Vietnamese institutions of higher learning.	no
借此机会，范明政总理和夫人在文莱大学校园内种下纪念树，并在纪念簿上留言。	Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife planted a memorial tree on the campus of the University of Brunei and left a message in the memorial book.	no
范明政总理祝愿文莱大学不断向前发展，为文莱的教育事业贡献越来越大的力量，并且与越南各所教育培训机构开展更深更广的合作。	Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng wishes the University of Brunei to continue to move forward, contribute more and more to Brunei's education cause, and carry out deeper and broader cooperation with various educational and training institutions in Vietnam.	no
（完）	(End)	no
越通社	Vietnam News Agency	no
越通社河内——越通社特派记者报道，越南政府总理范明政和夫妇对新加坡和文莱进行正式访问已圆满成功，并取得了全面、务实且具体的成果。	Vietnam News Agency Hanoi-Vietnam News Agency special reporters reported that the official visits of Vietnamese Government Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife to Singapore and Brunei have been a complete success, and have achieved comprehensive, pragmatic and concrete results.	yes
在出访新加坡和文莱的三天之内，范明政总理共参加了30多项不同的活动。	Within three days of visiting Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng participated in more than 30 different activities.	yes
所取得的成效为促进越新两国战略伙伴关系和越文全面伙伴关系不断朝着更深、更广和有效的方向发展注入了新的动力。	The results achieved have injected new impetus into promoting the development of the Vietnam-Singapore strategic partnership and the Vietnam-China comprehensive partnership in a deeper, broader and effective direction.	yes
在访问两国期间，范明政总理继续重申越南党和国家的对外路线，即独立自主，多元化，多变化，愿做所有国家的好朋友和可靠伙伴，以及国际社会的负责任成员。	During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng continued to reiterate the external line of the Vietnamese party and country, namely independence, diversification, and variety. He is willing to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.	yes
加强与新加坡和文莱的关系是各自国家的需求，致力于增进各自国家人民的福祉，致力于地区和世界的和平、稳定和发展。	Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of their respective countries. They are committed to enhancing the well-being of their people and to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.	yes
在各场会见和谈会上，范明政总理同新加坡和文莱领导人都一致同意通过高级代表团互访、有效开展各项双边合作机制和各项重要合作协议等方式不断增强与越南的政治互信。	At various meetings and peace talks, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to continuously enhance political mutual trust with Vietnam through the exchange of visits by high-level delegations, the effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements. Mutual trust.	yes
许多合作文件在此次访问期间得到了签署。	Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.	yes
其中，与新加坡签署的《绿色和数字经济伙伴关系谅解备忘录》和与文莱签署的《2023-2027年阶段加强越文全面伙伴关系的行动计划》是两大亮点。	Among them, the "Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership" signed with Singapore and the "Action Plan for Strengthening the Vietnamese-Chinese Comprehensive Partnership in the 2023-2027 Phase" signed with Brunei are two highlights.	yes
越南与新加坡签署《绿色和数字经济伙伴关系谅解备忘录》。	Vietnam and Singapore signed the "Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership".	yes
图自越通社	Picture from Vietnam News Agency	yes
在会见企业领导，座谈会或出席经济论坛期间，范明政总理强调越南欢迎并为新加坡和文莱企业在越南的数字化转型、绿色能源、高科技、创新创意等领域扩大投资范围创造便利条件。	During meetings with business leaders, seminars or attending economic forums, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates convenient conditions for Singapore and Brunei companies to expand their investment in Vietnam's digital transformation, green energy, high-tech, innovation and creativity.	no
此次访问不仅有助于深化越南与新加坡和文莱在政治、外交、经济、安全、国防、教育培训、油气、旅游、民间交流等各个传统领域上的合作关系，而且还为各国在数字经济、绿色经济、能源转型、创新创意、智慧城市、可持续发展等新的潜在领域创造合作框架。	This visit will not only help deepen the cooperative relations between Vietnam, Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and civil exchanges, but also create a framework for cooperation between countries in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.	no
文莱国王哈桑纳尔博尔基亚与范明政总理准备进入双边座谈会。	Brunei's King Hassanal Bolkiah and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter a bilateral symposium.	no
图自越通社	Picture from Vietnam News Agency	no
在访问两国期间，范明政总理都安排时间走访和聆听旅居当地越南人社群的心思和愿望。	During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the local Vietnamese community.	no
在两国领导人会见中，范明政总理都建议两国当局多关注，并为当地越南人社群得到公平的对待，有机会为当地社会贡献力量并培育两国关系等创造有利条件。	During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng suggested that the authorities of the two countries pay more attention and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local society and cultivate relations between the two countries.	no
该建议都得到了两国领导人的同意和支持。	The proposal has been agreed and supported by the leaders of the two countries.	no
特别的是，范明政总理还与两国领导人分享有关一个团结、和平、稳定和繁荣的东盟共同体的渴望；一致同意将与东盟国家保持团结协作并提升东盟在地区和国际形势复杂多变背景下的中心作用。	In particular, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng also shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain unity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance ASEAN's central role in the context of the complex and changeable regional and international situation.	no
凭借所取得的重要成果，范明政总理对新加坡和文莱的正式访问之旅为有效落实越共十三大以加强与东盟邻国的关系为优先的对外路线，有效实施越共中央政治局关于新形势下越南侨务工作的第12号结论（12-KL/TW ），并发挥全民族团结力量等作出积极贡献。	Relying on the important results achieved, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng's official visit to Singapore and Brunei is to effectively implement the 13th National Congress of the Vietcong to strengthen relations with ASEAN neighbors as a priority external route, and effectively implement the Conclusion No. 12 (12-KL/TW) of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Vietcong on the work of Overseas Chinese affairs in Vietnam under the new situation, and to exert the strength of national unity and make positive contributions.	no
（完）	(End)	no
阿拉斯加上空被击落的 “物体”究竟是什么？	What exactly was the “object" that was shot down over Alaska?	yes
扑朔迷离，猜测纷纷	Bewildered, speculations have followed	yes
美国军方周五（2月10日）下午再次动用美国最先进的隐身喷气战机F-22击落了一个在美国阿拉斯加上空飞行的尚未确定身份的物体。	The U.S. military once again used the F-22, the most advanced stealth jet fighter in the United States, to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska in the afternoon of Friday (February 10).	yes
击落的地点距离阿拉斯加海岸十英里。	The location of the shooting down was ten miles from the coast of Alaska.	yes
这是美军在不到一周的时间里第二次击落空中飞行物体。	This is the second time the US military has shot down a flying object in the air in less than a week.	yes
上周六，来自中国的一个间谍气球在美国领空上漂移数日后在美国南卡罗莱纳州沿岸附近上空被击毁。	On Saturday, a spy balloon from China was destroyed in the sky near the coast of South Carolina after drifting in U.S. airspace for several days.	yes
五角大楼说，第二个被击落的物体于周四晚上首次进入美国领空，在阿拉斯加东北部上空移动时被美国军方跟踪，飞行高度为1.2万米（4万英尺），其大小与一辆小型汽车差不多，与先前被击落的那个中国间谍气球相比要小很多。	The Pentagon said the second downed object entered U.S. airspace for the first time on Thursday night and was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeast Alaska. It flew at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet) and was about the size of a small car. It is much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.	yes
五角大楼还认为，目前没有迹象显示，这个物体是可操纵的。	The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no indication that this object is maneuverable.	yes
白宫国家安全委员会战略沟通协调员约翰·科比周五表示，虽然这个在高空飞行的物体的具体样子尚不清楚，但它“对民航飞机的安全构成了合理的威胁”。	John Kirby, the strategic communication coordinator of the White House National Security Council, said on Friday that although the specific appearance of the object flying at high altitude is not yet clear, it “poses a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation aircraft.”	yes
科比表示，这个物体与美国境内发现的那个间谍气球不同，它上面没有悬挂“有效载荷”。	Kobe said that this object is different from the spy balloon found in the United States, and there is no “payload” hanging on it.	yes
科比说，“我们把它称为一个‘物体’是我们目前能够作出的最好的描述”。	Kobe said, “We call it an ‘object’ is the best description we can currently make.”	no
拜登总统在下令击落这个物体之前听取了五角大楼的建议，他作出这个决定的时候“非常谨慎”，科比补充说。	President Biden listened to the advice of the Pentagon before ordering the shooting down of the object. He made this decision “very cautiously,” Kobe added.	no
美国官方对这个物体的描述大致可以归纳为：大小相当于一辆小汽车，没有操纵杆，没有悬挂装置，飞行高度为一万米左右。	The official U.S. description of this object can be roughly summarized as: the size is equivalent to a small car, there is no joystick, no suspension device, and the flight altitude is about 10,000 meters.	no
但这些信息还无法回答基本问题，比如这个物体究竟是什么东西，它属于哪个国家，它在执行什么任务。	But this information still cannot answer basic questions, such as what exactly is this object, which country it belongs to, and what tasks it is performing.	no
目前网上许多的分析和猜测认为，这可能又是一只中国气球。	At present, many analyses and speculations on the Internet believe that this may be another Chinese balloon.	no
它可能与入侵美国领空的那只间谍气球和在拉美上空飘动的那只中国气球一样都来自中国，它们在不同地点执行某种任务。	It may be the same as the spy balloon that invaded U.S. airspace and the Chinese balloon that fluttered over Latin America. They came from China and performed certain missions in different locations.	no
也有人把阿拉斯加的这个“物体”与“不明飞行物”（UFO）联系在一起。	Some people also associate this “object” in Alaska with “unidentified flying objects” (UFOs).	no
美国新闻周刊的报道引用美国前众议员彼得·梅杰（Peter Meijer）周五在推特上发出的推文说，“真希望这个‘不明飞行物’也是一个间谍气球，而不是一个合法的UFO”。	The U.S. Newsweek report quoted former U.S. Congressman Peter Meijer as saying in a tweet on Twitter on Friday, “I really hope this 'UFO’ is also a spy balloon, not a legal UFO."	no
“将外星飞船与气象气球混为一谈的讽刺意味很令人惊讶，但这不值得引发一场星际冲突，”梅杰说。	“The irony of conflating an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth sparking an interstellar conflict,” Major said.	no
梅杰是在科比证实阿拉斯加的这个物体被击落之后不久发出这个推文的。	Major sent this tweet shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska was shot down.	no
新闻周刊说，怀疑这个物体是UFO的不止是梅杰一人。	Newsweek said that Major was not the only one who suspected that the object was a UFO.	no
田纳西共和党籍众议员蒂姆·伯切特（Tim Burchett）批评政府上个月的掩盖情报的做法，要求国家情报总监办公室 (DNI)公布有关“不明飞行物”的报告。	Representative Tim Burchett, Republican of Tennessee, criticized the government's cover-up of intelligence last month and asked the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on “UFOs.”	no
亚马逊的客服态度让我难以相信	Amazon's customer service attitude makes me hard to believe	yes
估计很少有人看到这里，但是我也要稍微说一下。	It is estimated that few people have seen this place, but I also want to talk about it a little bit.	yes
这件衣服当时我们购买的时候是一件拉链帽衫，最后送给我确是一件短袖。	This dress was a zipper hoodie when we bought it, and it was a short-sleeved one that was given to me in the end.	yes
收到衣服后立即与亚马逊客服取得了联系，当时确认衣服还是有库存的，我要求换货，客服说去解决一下，然后立即看到商品名称变成了短袖，原来我买的链接下架。	Immediately after receiving the clothes, I contacted Amazon customer service. At that time, I confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I asked for a replacement. The customer service said to solve it, and then immediately saw that the product name changed to short-sleeved. The original link I bought was removed from the shelves.	yes
接着客服通知要么保留货品补偿一定金额，要么退货。	Then the customer service informs that either the goods will be retained to compensate for a certain amount, or the goods will be returned.	yes
这就是亚马逊的处理方式？	Is this how Amazon handles it?	yes
真的很难以置信，本身衣物发错并不是我的问题，作为一个消费者我要求获得我应获得的商品，并没有提出什么很夸张的要求，亚马逊却改名字，说无库存。	It's really unbelievable. It's not my problem that the clothes are wrong. As a consumer, I asked for the goods I should get. I didn't make any exaggerated requests, but Amazon changed its name and said it was out of stock.	yes
这是我的第一个长评，希望这不是我的最后一个。	This is my first long review, I hope this is not my last one.	yes
让人无法理解的袖子	Incomprehensible sleeves	yes
说是牛皮的，也确实比较硬，但仔细看的话，局部有很多细小的裂痕，搞不清楚是否是真皮的，另外这个衣服的袖子真是让人无法理解，通常夹克的袖子要比衣摆长一些，不过通常也就1-2厘米，这件衣服足足长了5厘米，手臂自然下垂应该在手掌虎口的位置，但这件衣服的袖子都盖过手指了。	It is said that it is cowhide, which is indeed relatively hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks in the part, and it is not clear whether it is leather. In addition, the sleeves of this dress are really incomprehensible. Usually the sleeves of the jacket are longer than the clothes, but usually it is only 1-2 cm. This dress is 5 cm long, and the arms naturally droop. It should be in the palm of the tiger's mouth, but the sleeves of this dress cover the fingers.	yes
买衣服容易，退货也容易。	It's easy to buy clothes, and it's easy to return them.	yes
但是要退还钱真不知何时？	But I really don't know when to refund the money?	yes
衣服做工不错，因为版型偏小，只得退货，但是退了货以后，至今一个多星期过去了，还没有收到退款？	The workmanship of the clothes is good, because the version is too small, I have to return the goods, but after the goods are returned, more than a week has passed, and I haven't received a refund yet?	yes
而且要购买者自已和那个诚信度不怎么样的全峰快递联系，这是自购亚马逊的物品以来最糟糕的一次购物！	And the purchaser has to contact Quanfeng Express, which is not very honest. This is the worst shopping since I bought Amazon items!	yes
但店家还是不错的，积极配合催促快递及时退款，但是这个全峰快递实在的工作是做的相当让人愤怒，拖拉半个月左右才退款，这种合作伙伴是要拖亚马逊的后腿的，工作效率差，没有服务意识！	But the store is still good, and it actively cooperates to urge the courier to refund in time, but the real work of Quanfeng Express is quite irritating, and it takes about half a month for the refund to be made. This kind of partner has to drag Amazon's back legs, poor work efficiency, and no sense of service!	yes
更适合年轻人	More suitable for young people	yes
99秒杀的。	Killed in 99 seconds.	yes
毛裤的做工、颜色、手感都不错，柔软/薄厚适中，没有煤油味儿。	The workmanship, color, and feel of the woolen pants are all good, soft/moderate thickness, and there is no smell of kerosene.	yes
遗憾的是版型属于瘦型的，更适合年轻人。	Unfortunately, the version is thin and more suitable for young people.	yes
3XL，平铺腰围2尺5，拉伸最大尺寸4尺，1.79/80公斤穿着腰有点紧。	3XL, flat waist circumference 2 feet 5, stretch the maximum size 4 feet, 1.79/80 kg, the waist is a bit tight.	yes
似乎腰间没有松紧带，想加松点腰围还挺困难。	It seems that there is no elastic band around the waist, and it is quite difficult to loosen the waist circumference.	yes
另外，贴身穿是不舒服的。	In addition, it is uncomfortable to wear close-fitting.	yes
很好 颜色不是很鲜艳	Very good, the color is not very bright	yes
刚买就涨了两百多，这是什么情况。	It rose by more than two hundred as soon as I bought it. What's the situation?	yes
第一次亚马逊用的合作的天天烂快递，第一次送货没在家，后来主动和快递员约了两次送货时间，那个快递员都不送，后来直接给我退货了，这个该死的快递员一点诚信也没有，强烈建议不要再用那个天天烂快递了。	For the first time, Amazon used the cooperative Tiantian Rotten express. The first delivery was not at home. Later, I took the initiative to make two delivery appointments with the courier. The courier did not deliver it. Later, he returned it directly to me. This damn courier has no integrity at all. It is strongly recommended not to use that Tiantian Rotten express anymore.	yes
这一次还有一件体恤衫也给我退货了，再拍也涨价了一百多元。	This time, another T-shirt was also returned to me, and the price increased by more than one hundred yuan for another shot.	yes
亚马逊自营不应该出现这样商品	Amazon self-operated products should not appear like this	yes
产品特价的时候购买，价格不低，看评论也是很不错的产品。	When the product is on special offer, the price is not low, and it is also a very good product to read the reviews.	yes
实际收到产品的时候让我目瞪口呆，商品表面大面积磨损，多处其他地方都有磨损，不是次品就是旧品，稍后上图。	When I actually received the product, I was stunned. The surface of the product was worn out in a large area, and there were wear and tear in many other places. It was either a defective product or an old product. The picture above will be shown later.	yes
我申请退货，厂家的人看到图片后说是运输导致，这不是瞎说吗？	I applied for a return. After seeing the picture, the manufacturer said it was caused by transportation. Isn't this nonsense?	yes
商品内部怎么可能磨损？	How can the inside of the product be worn out?	yes
只有两种可能，要么次品旧品，要么就是我故意损坏商品，然后拿去退货。	There are only two possibilities, either defective and old products, or I deliberately damaged the goods and returned them.	yes
客观来讲，我没有证据证明我没有损坏商品，但是以我在亚马逊购物的信用记录来讲，我认为这样的商品不应该出现在亚马逊自营商品中，客户选择亚马逊自营就是信任，customer win，we win，客户的胜利就是厂商的胜利，希望大家一起努力改进，谢谢。	Objectively speaking, I have no evidence that I did not damage the goods, but based on my credit history of shopping on Amazon, I believe that such goods should not appear in Amazon's own products. Customers choose Amazon's own products to be trusted, customer win, we win, the victory of the customer is the victory of the manufacturer, I hope everyone will work hard to improve, thank you.	yes
我使用该产品不到一年，就出现两个E2，我不知道如何处理?	I have been using this product for less than a year and two E2s have appeared. I don't know what to do with it?	yes
我是2015年7月30日购买该商品的，但在2016年3月份接收器右边两组就经常出现红色E2，应是发射模块出现问题吧，这与亚马逊网站上讲的发射模块可持续工作7年不大相符吧，在亚马逊网站上又找不到售后，现不知如何是好?	I purchased this product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, the two groups on the right side of the receiver often appeared with red E2. It should be that there is a problem with the transmitter module. This is not consistent with the sustainable work of the transmitter module on the Amazon website for 7 years, right? I can't find the after-sales service on the Amazon website. I don't know what's good now?	yes
还行吧	Ok	yes
第一次购买是坏的。	The first purchase is bad.	yes
感觉不像新的。	It doesn't feel like new.	yes
盒子上的标签被撕了，机身上标签也破了。	The label on the box was torn, and the label on the fuselage was also broken.	yes
而且老是白屏。	And it's always a white screen.	yes
换了以后好了。	It will be fine after the change.	yes
换货挺迅速，晚上有点模糊，视角不是很广，但是普通家用够了。	The exchange is very rapid, it is a bit blurred at night, and the viewing angle is not very wide, but it is enough for ordinary households.	yes
不足就是没有卡，自己买的，还有就是以前在亚马逊买过手机。	The disadvantage is that I don't have a card, I bought it myself, and I have bought a mobile phone on Amazon before.	yes
包装上会有贴纸，防止包装被打开，这次没有，买手机时候还有个贴纸一样的章，可以贴在保修卡上，这次没有。	There will be stickers on the packaging to prevent the packaging from being opened. This time there is no. When buying a mobile phone, there is also a sticker-like chapter that can be affixed to the warranty card. This time there is no.	yes
不知道是不是东西便宜了就没有，很困惑。	I don't know if it's cheaper or not, I'm very confused.	yes
等待供货商回复	Waiting for the supplier's reply	yes
包装没有任何标识，直接给供货商致电说，回答没标识是正品，如怀疑可用边角料邮寄到强生公司验货，还留下车牌号以及电话号码，承诺会发短信通知把我的信息输入强生官网保修卡，到现在也没收到短信啊？	The package does not have any logo. I called the supplier directly and said that the answer is that it is genuine without the logo. If I suspect that the scrap can be mailed to Johnson & Johnson for inspection, I will leave the license plate number and phone number, and promise to send a text message to notify me to enter my information into the warranty card on Johnson & Johnson's official website. Haven't you received a text message yet?	yes
上午收到机油，下午就换上了。	I received the engine oil in the morning and replaced it in the afternoon.	yes
第二次购买。	Second purchase.	yes
亚马逊自营商品还是很放心的。	Amazon's own products are still very reassuring.	yes
换油的师傅说油品清亮，确实是好油 。	The oil changer said that the oil is clear and it is indeed good oil.	yes
因为是第二次购买了。	Because it was the second purchase.	yes
所以还是很放心的。	So I'm still very relieved.	yes
快递飞速，包装没有挑剔的地方，用了这个油，发动机声音明显下降。	The express delivery is fast, and the packaging is not picky. After using this oil, the sound of the engine drops significantly.	yes
性价比不错，二百以下很难找到合成机油。	The price is good, and it is difficult to find synthetic engine oil below two hundred.	yes
支持星冠，支持胜牌，对车有效保护。	Support star crown, support winning brand, and effectively protect the car.	yes
日本亚马逊因为客服问题导致买家的利益严重受损（8c的毛毛虫发货为8cm的毛毛虫）（8c=14cm，8cm=2c）	Amazon Japan caused serious damage to the interests of buyers due to customer service problems (8c caterpillars are shipped as 8cm caterpillars) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)	yes
承认错误，但是一直在推诿，始终强调货物为第三方，不能约束第三方。	Admit mistakes, but have been prevaricating, always emphasizing that the goods are third parties and cannot restrain third parties.	yes
订单编号：503-4265464-1830254。	Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.	yes
我当初购买的页面尺码选项为7c，8，9c，当时觉得这就是个陷阱，打电话给日亚中文客服，明确告知8就是8c，但是等商品回到中国才发现，只有8cm，我觉得这完全是故意设下的陷阱来坑中国人（按照亚马逊的售后），现在查看页面已没有这个选项。	The page size options I purchased at the beginning were 7c, 8, and 9c. At that time, I thought this was a trap. I called the Japanese-Asian Chinese customer service and made it clear that 8 was 8c, but when the product returned to China, I found that it was only 8cm. I think this is a completely deliberate trap to pit the Chinese (according to Amazon's after-sales service), now there is no such option on the viewing page.	yes
中方客服：很抱歉，给你带来损失了，我们给你两条路走：	Chinese customer service: I'm sorry, I caused you a loss, we will give you two ways to go：	yes
1，你退货，买家承担所有运费。	1. If you return the product, the buyer will bear all the shipping costs.	yes
2，你不退货，我们补偿你1000日元。	2. If you do not return the goods, we will compensate you 1,000 yen.	yes
（我算一下账，鞋子4000多日元，算作200rmb，选择1，我没有鞋子，损失在200元。	(Let me calculate the account. The shoes are more than 4,000 yen, which is counted as 200rmb. Choose 1. I don't have shoes and the loss is 200 yuan.	yes
选择2，我有鞋子，最后补偿了我2000日元，最后损失在150rmb 客服：我们已记录下来，我们会认真处理，次日回了封邮件，说我不接受中方客服调解，就这么完了。	Option 2. I have shoes. In the end, I was compensated 2,000 yen. In the end, the loss was 150rmb. Customer service: We have recorded it and we will deal with it seriously. The next day, I returned an email saying that I did not accept the mediation of the Chinese customer service. That's it.	yes
我提出：购买的页面为7c，8，9c这样具有迷惑性的选项时，中方客服帮我说起了日本常用码是不会带c这样的，类似140这样的，但是你们特么有去其他毛毛虫页面看吗？	I proposed: When the purchase page was a confusing option like 7c, 8, and 9c, the Chinese customer service helped me talk about the fact that the commonly used codes in Japan will not bring c, similar to 140, but do you have to go to other caterpillar pages to see it?	yes
都有美码，日码混标的情况出现。	There are both U.S. and Japanese codes with mixed labels.	no
再说，你8cm为什么放在7c和9c中间，明明最小的尺码，你放那里算什么意思。	Besides, why do you put 8cm in the middle of 7c and 9c? Obviously the smallest size, what do you mean by putting it there.	no
中方客服：我们提供中文服务，但是不知道你要运回国，所以你的运费我们是不予理赔的。	Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese service, but we don't know that you are going to ship back to China, so we will not make a claim for your freight.	no
这个逻辑我又不懂了，我是日本人，我还要中文客服，生活在日本的中国也不需要中文客服，去日本游客，没有那个功夫打国际长途，那么问题来了，什么人需要打亚马逊海外购中文电话，无非像我这样日淘的。	I don't understand this logic anymore. I'm Japanese. I also need Chinese customer service. Chinese people living in Japan don't need Chinese customer service. Tourists to Japan don't have the time to make international long-distance calls. Then the question is, who needs to call Amazon overseas to buy Chinese calls? It's nothing more than a Japanese amoy like me.	no
亚马逊中文客服不就是方便了我们海淘的这些人吗？	Isn't Amazon's Chinese customer service just convenient for these people in Haitao?	no
这次购买不是很满意	Not very satisfied with this purchase	yes
这是第二次从亚马逊上购买帮宝适尿布，曾经在宝宝2个月的时候买过一箱，选择了欧洲进口纸张的尿布，第一次购买经历还是比较满意的，宝宝整夜就用一张尿布，的确可以满足12个小时不换尿布。	This is the second time I bought Pampers diapers from Amazon. I once bought a box of diapers when my baby was 2 months old. I chose diapers imported from Europe. The first purchase experience was more satisfactory. The baby used one diaper all night, which can indeed satisfy 12 hours without changing diapers.	yes
但是这次购买L号的尿布，一箱里面有2包分开包装，打开后就觉得纸张比较松，跟进口帮宝适有明显区别，给宝宝用了之后，还算可以，没有漏尿也没有红疹等迹象。	But this time I bought L-size diapers. There are 2 packs in a box. After opening it, I felt that the paper was loose. There is a clear difference between the two Pampers. After using it for the baby, it's okay. There is no leakage of urine and no signs of rash.	yes
但是到了第二包尿布，开始使用后宝宝的大腿内侧立马就出现了红疹，至今还没有褪去。	But when it came to the second pack of diapers, the baby's inner thighs immediately developed a rash after starting to use it, and it has not faded yet.	yes
怀疑1箱里面的2包，质量还不一样啊。	I suspect that the quality of the 2 packs in 1 box is still different.	yes
以后应该不会继续购买了！	I shouldn't continue to buy in the future!	yes
希望重视包裹的运输保护	Hope to pay attention to the transportation protection of packages	yes
这是我网购这么久以来，看到最差的一次包装运输，完全没有什么保护措施，缓冲泡沫，包裹缓冲层材料等，什么都没有。	This is the worst packaging and transportation I have seen since I have been online shopping for so long. There are no protective measures, cushioning foam, wrapping buffer layer materials, etc., nothing.	yes
就一个压变形的箱子。	Just a deformed box.	yes
而且里面的软胶盒包装的，卡盒都压开了压到变形了。	Moreover, the soft plastic boxes inside are packed, and the card boxes are pressed open until they are deformed.	yes
希望是正品 质量有保证，以后是不怎么敢亚马孙买东西的了。	I hope the quality of the authentic products is guaranteed, and I won't dare to buy things on Amazon in the future.	yes
宁愿国内贵一半，有保障点。	I would rather be half as expensive in China, with a guarantee point.	yes
而且商品产品包装问题，我看评论2016年就有人评论过，到现在19年，还是老样子。	Moreover, regarding the packaging of commodity products, I have seen comments from people in 2016, and it has been the same for 19 years now.	yes
说明亚马逊根本就不重视服务反馈这一块，和国内的京东、天猫等差太远了。	It shows that Amazon doesn't pay attention to service feedback at all, and it is too far from domestic <url>, Tmall, etc.	yes
好看，但有点点小遗憾	It looks good, but it's a bit of a pity	yes
整个杯子的颜色是我狠喜欢的，橘红色，虽然我家是男宝，但是还是觉得橘红配黄色很亮眼。	The color of the whole cup is my favorite, orange-red. Although my family is a male treasure, I still think orange-red and yellow are very eye-catching.	yes
比我想象的小一些，不过本来就是拿来带出门用的，所以还可以接受。	It's smaller than I thought, but it was originally used to take it out, so it's acceptable.	yes
昨晚拿回家试了一下，瓶盖推开之后，吸管和盖子之间的距离太近了，因为吸管的位置是正向垂直的，所以儿子总是要把盖子上面的凸起含住喝水，觉得这个地方是否可以改进一下。	I took it home and tried it last night. After the bottle cap was pushed away, the distance between the straw and the lid was too close. Because the position of the straw is forward and vertical, my son always has to hold the bulge on the lid to drink water. I wonder if this place can be improved.	yes
看来其他牌子的吸管杯把吸管做的倾斜还是有道理的，小孩子的东西，真的就是在乎安全和舒适。	It seems that other brands of straw cups make sense to tilt the straw. Children's things really care about safety and comfort.	yes
轻便大容量	Lightweight and large capacity	yes
喜欢它轻便，开口大，就是两个独立的分隔袋对我来说有点多余，感觉不知道装什么好。	I like that it is lightweight and has a large opening, but the two separate compartments are a bit redundant to me, and I don't feel like I know what to pack.	yes
买完发现海外购美亚上还有一只另一个牌子很类似的，才不到两百块。	After buying it, I found that there is another brand very similar to Meiya purchased overseas, which is less than two hundred yuan.	yes
假货，假的特别厉害	Fakes, fakes are very powerful	yes
亚马逊卖假货，我也是服了。	Amazon sells fakes, and I also took it.	yes
客服说因为用了所以不能退货，我没用怎么知道是假货。	The customer service said that it couldn't be returned because it was used. I didn't know how to know it was a fake.	yes
因为信任，所以伤心，毕竟是抹脸的用品，真的去实体店买吧，认可贵一点。	Because of trust, I'm sad. After all, it's a face-wiping product. Really go to a physical store and buy it. It's more expensive.	yes
因为是秒杀，所以没有看评论，我已经提交国家工商总局的电商平台了，我们一起维权吧。	Because it was a spike, I didn't read the comments. I have submitted it to the e-commerce platform of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let's defend our rights together.	yes
坏了？	Broken?	yes
假货？	Fake?	yes
总之悲剧。	In short, tragedy.	yes
用第二片的时候选的毛孔细致的，但是一打开就一股怪味，以为是正常的，因为没用过这款，然后往脸上贴的时候就整个受不了了，非常冲的味道，无法形容，熏到立马咳嗽了出来，眼睛也很痛，流眼泪，马上摘了去洗脸。	When I used the second tablet, I chose the pores that were fine, but when I opened it, there was a strange smell. I thought it was normal, because I hadn't used this one before, and then I couldn't stand it when I put it on my face. It was very pungent and indescribable. I coughed out immediately after I smoked, my eyes hurt, and I shed tears. I immediately took it off and washed my face.	yes
不信邪又开了一片同款的，没有那么重的味道了，现在正在敷。	Unbelieving evil opened another piece of the same style, it doesn't have that heavy taste anymore, and it is now being applied.	yes
回想起有点像发廊里劣质烫发水的味道。	In retrospect, it smells a bit like inferior perm water in a hair salon.	yes
真无法想象，难倒亚马逊自营的护肤品从此也得避而远之了吗？	I really can't imagine that Amazon's self-operated skin care products have to be avoided from now on?	yes
奸商啊	Profiteer	yes
当时购买的时候，活动页面上是说满99元赠送“三体全集”，收到货没有这个赠品，打客服电话说要给他们看当时活动的截图，问题是谁买东西还把网页截图保存啊，你们自己做过的活动，还需要顾客帮你们提供啊，各位买家下次要留个心眼，保存证据。	When I bought it at that time, the event page said that the “Complete Works of the Three Bodies” would be given away for 99 yuan or more. There was no such gift when I received the goods. I called customer service and said that I wanted to show them the screenshots of the event at that time. The question is who buys the goods and saves the screenshots of the Web page. For the activities you have done yourself, you still need customers to help you provide it. Buyers should keep an eye on it next time and save the evidence.	yes
用后感受	Feel after use	yes
第一次在亚马逊买东西，分别感受有几点，先来说下用完商品的感受吧，第一确实是无痛，也没有刺激味道的东西，总体来说很不错的，静等8分钟左右一擦就掉了，只是会有少量的汗毛渣在上面，不细看是看不出来的，所以说总体是不错的，至于之后都就用一次还要继续观察，继续用才会知道。	The first time I bought something on Amazon, I felt a few points separately. Let's talk about the feeling of running out of goods first. The first is indeed painless and there is no irritating taste. Overall, it is very good. Wait for about 8 minutes and wipe it off. It's just that there will be a small amount of hair residue on it. If you don't take a closer look, you can't see it, so it's generally good. As for using it once after that, you have to continue to observe and you will only know if you continue to use it.	yes
反正我觉得这个东西确实不错。	Anyway, I think this thing is really good.	yes
第二从27号下单，12号收到货，总共15天也就是半个月，亚马逊的送货员服务态度也很好。	Second, I placed an order on the 27th and received the goods on the 12th. A total of 15 days is half a month. Amazon's delivery staff has a good service attitude.	yes
第三，亚马逊的什么黑色星期五就不要相信了，星期五下单，等了2天就便宜了接近12块钱，也就是我买成170多（加上运费什么的），有一种搞活动就提价格的感觉样。	Third, don't believe Amazon's Black Friday. If you place an order on Friday, it will be nearly 12 yuan cheaper after waiting for 2 days. That is, I bought it for more than 170 (plus shipping or something). There is a feeling of raising the price when you engage in activities.	yes
客服说什么价格波动，我关注了10多天价格也就是这个样，波动也不大的。	What did the customer service say about price fluctuations? I have been paying attention to the price for more than 10 days, and the price is like this, and the fluctuation is not large.	yes
价格实惠，日原产，有中文标签，带颗粒，绝对回购！	Affordable price, Japanese origin, with Chinese label, with particles, absolutely repurchased!	yes
膏体里带颗粒的，清爽感恰到好处，用后牙齿爽滑，上比某二手东强太多啦，那里说是进口的东西，可好多东西没有中文标签，不知从哪里批发的。	The cream has particles in it, the freshness is just right, and the teeth are smooth after use. It is much stronger than a second-hand product. It is said that it is imported, but many things do not have Chinese labels, so I don't know where they are wholesale.	yes
以后只要亚马逊有的，绝不再去二手东。	In the future, as long as Amazon has it, I will never go to the second-hand east again.	yes
给个建议，亚马逊的app 上晒单怎么有时晒不了，希望能改进一些应用，会做的越来越好的！	Give me a suggestion. Why can't I post orders on Amazon's app sometimes? I hope I can improve some applications and I will do better and better!	yes
卓越这些年，越来越差，根本没有服务质量可言！	"Over the years, it has gotten worse and worse, and there is no quality of service at all!	yes
垃圾卓越不顾及客户需求 下订单的时候特别配送时间19:00-22:00。	Garbage, regardless of customer needs, when placing an order, the special delivery time is 19:00-22:00.	yes
因家里有术后卧床不方便的老人在，所以只有晚上可以方便收件。	Because there are elderly people who are inconvenient to be in bed after surgery at home, it is only convenient to receive them at night.	yes
结果竟然中午12点就直接上门送了，也不事先电话告知。	As a result, it was delivered directly to the door at 12 noon without calling in advance.	yes
如果配送时间是你们快递员随心所欲的想几点就几点送，何必假惺惺弄个时间让客户选择？	If the delivery time is what your courier wants to deliver as soon as he wants, why bother to pretend to get a time for the customer to choose?	yes
如果自己的物流没办法保证服务的，那就干脆不要做电商了！	If your own logistics can't guarantee service, then don't be an e-commerce company at all!	yes
让一个身上3处伤口的老人下床开门收快递还要找零钱付费！	Let an old man with 3 wounds on his body get out of bed and open the door to receive the courier, and he has to find change to pay!	yes
明明订单上有联系电话！	Obviously there is a contact number on the order!	yes
从头到底也没有人来电话联系一下给个解释！	From the beginning to the end, no one called to give an explanation!	yes
卓越网所谓的投诉客服就是一帮子外地人在那里装样子，敷衍你的投诉然后给你一个所谓的答复。	Zhuoyue's so-called complaint customer service is a group of outsiders pretending to be there, perfunctory your complaint and then giving you a so-called reply.	yes
不会有任何改变或者补偿！	There will be no changes or compensation!	no
之前也是遇到这样子了类似配送时间不对的问题也就忍了，但这次无法忍受，太过分了！	I also encountered a similar problem with the wrong delivery time before, so I endured it, but this time I couldn't bear it, it was too much!	no
新书买的预售到货后竟然封面和封底是反的，这样子明显得质量问题就这样子闭眼把书发给顾客了？	After the pre-sale of the new book arrived, the cover and back cover were reversed. This was an obvious quality problem. Did you close your eyes and send the book to the customer?	no
留言差评也不会有人来联系你。	No one will contact you if you leave a bad review.	no
卓越这些年，越来越差，根本没有服务质量可言！	"Over the years, it has gotten worse and worse, and there is no quality of service at all!	no
不会再在卓越上花一毛钱。	No more spending a dime on excellence.	no
图片质量实在不能接受	The picture quality is really unacceptable	yes
作为“古地图集”这样的标题，本书在图片的选择、排版、印刷上实在令人难以接受，有些图片甚至有马赛克，模糊到无法辨识。	As the title of "Ancient Atlas”, this book is really unacceptable in the selection, layout, and printing of pictures. Some pictures even have mosaics, which are too blurred to be recognized.	yes
即便本书不是专业的地图册，即便是小画幅插图，也应该对得起目录中祖先留下来的洋洋大观的中古文献资料！	Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small-format illustration, it should be worthy of the medieval literature left by the ancestors in the catalog!	yes
（况且很多图片是可以从相关行业资源中获取清晰的原始文件的），用这样的图片来拼凑图书与不使用图片有何差别？	(Besides, many pictures can be obtained from related industry resources with clear original documents). What is the difference between using such pictures to piece together books and not using pictures?	yes
！我为这样的治学精神感到遗憾。	！I regret this kind of academic spirit.	yes
文字方面不予评价，方家各有分辨。	There is no evaluation in terms of writing, and the Fang family has their own differences.	yes
整体2星。	Overall 2 stars.	yes
高二的时候看的这本书当时只是抱着无聊看看玩的心态，感觉这样的书自己应该不会沉迷吧，毕竟起点的网文以往还是不太吸引我的。	I read this book in my sophomore year of high school. At that time, I was just holding the mentality of being bored and playing. I felt that I shouldn't be addicted to such a book. After all, my online articles were still not very attractive to me in the past.	yes
然后...就掉坑里了。	then...It fell into the pit.	yes
按着这个剧情来说，整本书都是比较轻松愉快的，前部分叶修还在网游里的时候，即使是公会之间勾心斗角，也因为往往被叶神狗血，搞得一点也不沉重。	According to this plot, the whole book is relatively relaxed and enjoyable. When Ye Xiu was still in the online game, even if it was a conspiracy between guilds, it was not heavy at all because it was often bloody by Ye Shen. .	yes
至于到了比赛的部分，写出了时代的变迁新旧交替的一点点心酸之感（可能是我多愁善感）。	As for the part of the game, I wrote a little bit of sadness about the changes of the times, the exchange of old and new (maybe it's my sentimentality).	yes
看整部书花了我高二许多学习时间，可是就是停不下来。	Reading the whole book took me a lot of study time in my sophomore year of high school, but I just couldn't stop.	yes
全职对人物和感情线的描写让人十分惊艳，有的人物只是偶尔带过，也会给人留下很深的影响，像比较重点描写的角色叶修黄少天苏沐橙都有大量的粉丝，而不在写作中心的角色例如江波涛楚云秀等等也十分找人喜欢，在一个电竞的爽文中竟然让人找不到一个让人讨厌至极的人物，这是全职在人物描写上的成功。	The full-time description of the characters and emotional lines is very amazing. Some characters are only brought occasionally, and they will leave a deep impact on people. For example, the more focused characters Ye Xiu, Huang Shaotian, Su Mucheng have a large number of fans, and the characters who are not in the center of the writing, such as Jiang Botao, Chu Yunxiu, etc., are also very popular. In an e-sports article, people can't find a character that is extremely annoying. This is the success of full-time character writing.	yes
而在感情线上，全职也没有一般网文所令人诟病的后宫佳丽三千万要么美女要么腐的毛病，全文所有人的感情，都有一个共同的地方就是他们喜欢着荣耀这个游戏，并且大都想要堂堂正正的胜利。	On the emotional line, there is no such thing as the 30 million harem beauties that are criticized by ordinary online articles. They are either beautiful or corrupt. The common thing about all people's feelings is that they like the game of glory, and most of them want to win in a dignified manner.	yes
小计量有却没有什么大阴谋，每个人看上去都那么单纯可爱。	There are small calculations but there is no big conspiracy. Everyone looks so simple and cute.	yes
这或许也是为什么全职没有什么令人讨厌的角色。	This may be why there are no annoying roles full-time.	yes
全职的IP很大，也归功于此。	The full-time IP is very large, and it is also due to this.	yes
撇开网文这个文化现象不谈，全职不失为一本不错的书。	Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online literature, this is a good book.	no
多少他真的会给人提供一些热血，一点点感动。	How much he will really provide people with some blood and a little touch.	no
今年4月份全职要动漫化。	It will be animated full-time in April this year.	no
其实想要买齐这套书很久了，碍于永远钱包不够厚都没狠下心下手，然后想要买的时候就发现，tb上简直是假货猖獗，其实全职最近出了另一个版本，封面图吧我自己是蛮喜欢的，但还是打算先买老的版本，所以就在亚马逊上看了看，一次性买下来了一套。	In fact, I have wanted to buy this set of books for a long time. Because my wallet is not thick enough, I didn't bother to do it. Then when I wanted to buy it, I found that fakes are rampant on the market. In fact, I recently published another version. I like the cover picture. , But I still plan to buy the old version first, so I took a look at it on Amazon and bought a set at once.	no
接下来简单说一下货的情况。	Next, let's briefly talk about the situation of the goods.	no
●第四本的塑封没有，但书是新的。	●There is no plastic seal for the fourth book, but the book is new.	no
●第十七本塑封是在但是被打开了，书的质感也很奇怪感觉没有其他的硬。	●The seventeenth plastic seal was opened in China, and the texture of the book is also very strange. It feels no harder than the others.	no
●第23本和第十七本情况一样，但是也比第十七本硬，但十分的旧。	●The 23rd book is the same as the seventeenth book, but it is harder than the seventeenth book, but it is very old.	no
●个别几本书的出版社不同好像第23和17就是同一个出版社，和其他的不同。	●The publishing houses of individual books are different. It seems that the 23rd and 17th are the same publishing house, which is different from the others.	no
●整体来讲还算满意，24本很大一箱，很满足。	●Overall, it is quite satisfactory, 24 large boxes, very satisfied.	no
落寞的小狮子	Lonely little lion	yes
拿到书的时候，以为会像是《失落的一角》那么简单，结果文字还很多哎！	When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as "The Lost Corner", but there were still a lot of words!	yes
先后念了三次，才给小朋友念完这本书，一只会开枪的小狮子，爱吃果汁软糖的小狮子。	I read it three times before I finished reading this book to the children, a little lion who can shoot, and a little lion who loves fruit juice and candy.	yes
当看到狮子吃掉猎人这个情节的时候，心里略有不适，现代都市人对于被动物吃掉这样的安排有点接受不了。	When I saw the episode of the lion eating the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern urbanites can't accept the arrangement of being eaten by animals.	yes
看到最后，这个在人类社会成功了的小狮子，迷失了自己，他已经不是完全的狮子，也不是完全的人。	Seeing the end, this little lion who has succeeded in human society has lost himself. He is no longer a complete lion, nor is he a complete human being.	yes
最后，只有小狮子的背影，不知道他去哪儿了。	In the end, there was only the back of the little lion, and I didn't know where he had gone.	yes
可能多年以后，这个小狮子的形象还留在长大了的小朋友的印象中，在某一天不经意的时候被想起，或许对她会有触动或是启发。	It may be many years later that the image of this little lion will still be in the impression of the grown-up children, and it may be remembered inadvertently one day, which may touch or inspire her.	yes
性价比很高的作品集	A very cost-effective portfolio	yes
1、以前还不知道TASCHEN，最近买了不少他们的书，原因就是太强悍，不论是选题还是制作本身。	1. I DIDN'T KNOW TASCHEN BEFORE. I BOUGHT A LOT OF THEIR BOOKS RECENTLY. The REASON IS THAT IT IS TOO POWERFUL, WHETHER IT IS THE TOPIC SELECTION OR THE PRODUCTION ITSELF.	yes
本作先后出过3个版本，最大的版本和那本米开朗基罗全集一样，都是接近50厘米长34厘米宽的；中版本大概是36厘米长23厘米宽；而这版是最小，而且配有书盒的两册书版。	There have been three versions of this work. The largest version, like the complete works of Michelangelo, is close to 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the middle version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this version is the smallest, and it is equipped with a book box of two book editions.	yes
个人觉得还可以接受，一来价格便宜，且700多页分成两本，作为平装本也较好翻阅；二来是不同于米开朗基罗全集那本，画作占了主体，达芬奇这本黑白手稿占了大部分，对于预算有限的、非美术专业读者而言，这版作为欣赏画作和手稿的性价比是最高的。	Personally, I think it's acceptable. First, the price is cheap, and the more than 700 pages are divided into two books, which are better to read as a paperback; second, it is different from the complete works of Michelangelo, the paintings account for the main body, and Leonardo Da Vinci's black and white manuscript accounts for most of it. For non-art professional readers with a limited budget, this edition is the most cost-effective for appreciating paintings and manuscripts.	yes
2、绘画部分的解说很棒，有构图分析、草稿分析和历史背景（比如最后的晚餐），但不知道是印刷还是书尺寸问题，有些阴影部分县的太深了，看不清细节，有点遗憾。	2. The explanation of the painting part is great. There are composition analysis, draft analysis, and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I don't know if it is the printing or the size of the book. Some of the shaded parts are too deep to see the details clearly. It's a pity.	yes
3、对比米开朗基罗的手稿，达芬奇的手稿内容就丰富的多。	3. Compared with Michelangelo's manuscripts, Leonardo da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer in content.	yes
前者已经是天才了，后者涉猎之广、成就之高，不足以天才来形容。	The former is already a genius, while the latter is so extensive and accomplished that it is not enough to describe as a genius.	yes
如果以前只看画作只能体会一半的达芬奇，看完手稿就彻底没语言了。	If you only looked at the paintings before and could only experience half of Leonardo Da Vinci, you would be completely speechless after reading the manuscript.	yes
垃圾，谁买谁后悔！	Garbage, whoever buys it regrets it!	yes
从来不给差评的，这个真心垃圾，买了浪费钱 神马，给个理由！	I never give bad reviews. This is really rubbish. It's a waste of money to buy it. Give me a reason!	yes
1.走时不准，突然变成1月1号，时间归零了。	1.The time to leave was not allowed, and it suddenly became January 1st, and the time returned to zero.	yes
2.劣质皮带，都不是硅胶的，带了手腕过敏起泡。	2.The inferior belts are not silicone, and the wrists are allergic and blistering.	yes
3.经常连不上手机。	3.Often can't connect to the phone.	yes
4.续航只有五天。	4.The battery life is only five days.	yes
5.睡眠检测不显示，时间是0。	5.The sleep test does not show, the time is 0.	yes
6.不防水。	6.Not waterproof.	yes
7.其他。	7.other.	yes
物流太慢	Logistics is too slow	yes
显示10月16号到，结果21号才收到，差评！	It shows that it arrived on October 16th, but the result was only received on the 21st. Bad review!	yes
快递太差，亚马逊上买东西本来就慢，没想到会这么慢！	The express delivery is too bad, and shopping on Amazon is already slow, but I didn't expect it to be so slow!	yes
总体满意	Overall satisfaction	yes
之前一开始还担心相机的包装，这次还好，里面有充气包，相机三码一致，也能在官网注册，快门次数0，其余的就只能等时间检验了 。	I was worried about the packaging of the camera at the beginning. This time it was okay. There is an inflatable bag inside. The camera has the same three yards. It can also be registered on the official website. The number of shutters is 0. The rest can only wait for time to check.	yes
发货速度还蛮快的，在这里吐槽一下快递小哥，贵重的物品就放在门房，走的飞快，我没办法当着他面开箱检验，对这点实在是无语。	The delivery speed is quite fast. I'm here to complain about the courier brother. The valuable items are placed in the concierge and they are leaving quickly. I can't open the box in front of him for inspection. I'm really speechless about this.	yes
商家发货前做到了为客户着想:)	The merchant did it for the sake of the customer before shipping:)	yes
商家比较负责，专门打电话问所用相机的屏幕尺寸，确实替客户着想了。	The merchant is more responsible, and he specifically called to ask about the screen size of the camera used, which is indeed for the sake of the customer.	yes
发货速度也快。	The delivery speed is also fast.	yes
金刚膜贴上去也挺合适和管用的。	The diamond film is also very suitable and useful to stick to.	yes
电池充不满	Dissatisfied with battery charging	yes
机器确实不错，想问下怎么第一次充电起就充不满啊，充电指示灯一直红色	The machine is really good. I want to ask why it has not been charged since the first time it was charged. The charging indicator light has been red.	yes
目前找不到亚马逊官方反馈渠道，所以只能在商品评价里反馈	Currently, Amazon's official feedback channel cannot be found, so it can only be fed back in the product evaluation.	yes
1. 在 3 月 29 号，通过预购途径使用 31 元购买了此书，显示 3 月 31 号会推送到设备上，此时亚马逊官网上还无法预览该书（因为还未发布）；	1. On March 29th, I used 31 yuan to purchase the book through the pre-order channel, which showed that it would be pushed to the device on March 31st. At this time, the book cannot be previewed on Amazon's official website (because it has not yet been released)；	yes
2. 3 月 31 号推送到设备上的书，内容是空白，只有敬请期待，而亚马逊上该书电子版降价到了 18 元；	2. The content of the book pushed to the device on March 31st is blank, so stay tuned, and the price of the electronic version of the book on Amazon has been reduced to 18 yuan.；	yes
3. 这两天反复尝试将设备上的下载的空白的书进行删除，再次同步，都无法获取到包含实际内容的电子版《商业的本质》，但是看到亚马逊官网已经可以预览该书。	3. In the past two days, I have repeatedly tried to delete the blank book downloaded on the device and synchronize it again. I have been unable to obtain the electronic version of "The Nature of Business" containing the actual content, but I can already preview the book on Amazon's official website.	yes
目前我有几点感想	I have a few thoughts at the moment	yes
1. 价格的问题其实并不是最重要的，关键是现在怎么将kindle上空白的书换成有实际内容的书，而不是永远下载下来都是“敬请期待”	1. The issue of price is actually not the most important. The key is how to replace blank books on kindle with books with actual content, rather than downloading them forever“ "Stay tuned”	yes
2. 预购的书以后应该不会再买了，毕竟万一跳票，再下载一本空内容的书，手续看起来非常复杂；	2. The pre-ordered book should not be bought again in the future. After all, in case the ticket is skipped and another book with empty content is downloaded, the procedures seem very complicated.；	yes
3. 希望亚马逊给到一个可以反馈此类问题的正常渠道，当对电子书下载、或者使用提出疑义的时候可以有地方反馈（工单、线上客服都可以，可以参考微软官方商城是怎么做的）	3. I hope Amazon will give a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When you have doubts about the download or use of e-books, you can have local feedback (work orders and online customer service are available, you can refer to the official Microsoft store how to do it)	yes
不是很推荐阅读	Not very recommended to read	yes
很久前读的，恰巧看见了凭记忆写点读后感吧。	I read it a long time ago, and I happened to see it. Write some post-reading feelings based on memory.	yes
这本书与其说是短篇小说集，不如说是生活中关于爱情的碎片收集。	This book is not so much a collection of short stories as a collection of fragments of love in life.	yes
本书的笔调极其平淡，是那种白开水一样的平淡，遣词造句对简约追求到了极致，情节也是像夏日午后的大街一样，寂静平淡。	The tone of this book is extremely plain, the kind of plain water-like plainness, the pursuit of simplicity in sentence-making to the extreme, and the plot is as silent and plain as the street on a summer afternoon.	yes
每一个短篇都是平凡生活中的一小段时间的剪影，没有开头，没有结局。	Every short story is a silhouette of a short period of time in ordinary life, with no beginning and no ending.	yes
最后收集在一起，冠名《当我们谈论爱情时我们在谈论什么》。	Finally collected together, the title is "What are we talking about when we talk about Love".	yes
我想，这个小说集，以及它的标题，像是一种行为艺术，作者想表达的是，爱情不止是舞台上的悲欢离合，都市传说中的海枯石烂，也不只是你侬我侬的如胶似漆，爱情不止是以上也不应该被以上代表，爱情也是平淡如水的生活，枯燥无味的日复一日，也有对生活的无措，现实的逃避，未来的茫然。	I think this collection of novels, and its title, is like a kind of performance art. What the author wants to express is that love is not just the joys and sorrows on the stage, the sea in urban legends is dry and rocky, and it is not just you and me. Love is not only the above and should not be represented by the above, love is also a dull life, boring day after day, there is also a loss of life, an escape from reality, and a loss of the future.	yes
阅读这本书时你脑海里可能回想起你身旁吵架的夫妻，认识的人的索然无味的婚姻，以及不如意的感情。	When reading this book, you may recall in your mind the quarreling couple next to you, the boring marriage of someone you know, and the unhappy feelings.	yes
这正是我不推荐阅读的原因，从审美的角度上讲，本书的文笔和情节都索然无味，除非你的生活惊涛骇浪或者甜蜜得如生活在糖果城堡，否则你得阅读时的感觉就是见怪不怪和无聊。	This is why I don't recommend reading. From an aesthetic point of view, the writing and plot of this book are boring. Unless your life is stormy or as sweet as living in a candy castle, you have to read it. The feeling is not surprising and boring.	yes
而从思想深度上，日常情节并没有让人眼前一亮或者扩展一个人的思路和视野（这点不同于马尔克斯的《霍乱时期的爱情》），短暂的片段也没有探讨任何问题，比如是什么样的错误导致了爱情的失败？	In terms of depth of thought, the daily plot does not brighten people's eyes or expand a person's thinking and vision (this is different from Marquez's "Love in the Time of Cholera"), and the short fragments do not explore any questions, such as what kind of mistakes caused the failure of love?	yes
主角婚姻的破裂来源于那些原因？	What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?	no
所以我不推荐阅读这本书，读不读都没什么太大意义。	So I don't recommend reading this book. It doesn't make much sense to read it or not.	no
作者的想法更多地通过技巧和体裁表达而不是故事情节，也是本书阅读体验比较差的原因。	The author's ideas are expressed more through technique and genre than the storyline, which is also the reason for the poor reading experience of this book.	no
适合粗读,不能细看。	Suitable for rough reading, not a closer look.	yes
本书的逻辑性很好,但是内容不够丰满。	The logic of this book is very good, but the content is not full enough.	yes
解释了很多销售理论是什么、为什么,但在怎么办方面却很薄弱,只是指出了方向但是没有给出具体的做法。	It explains what and why many sales theories are, but it is very weak in terms of what to do. It only points out the direction but does not give specific practices.	yes
另外,本书感觉像是拼凑而成。	In addition, this book feels like it is pieced together.	yes
举例既有国内的又有国外的;既有知名企业家或销售员又有名不见经传的人。	For example, there are both domestic and foreign; there are both well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople and well-known and unknown people.	yes
不知道是不是为了举例而编纂的故事，如果举一些作者亲历的案例会更有信服力。	I don't know if it is a story compiled for example. It would be more convincing to cite some cases experienced by the author.	yes
在顾客还是客户的称谓上变来变去。	The title of customer or customer has changed.	yes
标题上还是顾客,正文中就变成客户了。	The title is still the customer, and the text becomes the customer.	yes
电子书中还出现了错别字、标点符号缺失、编号错误的问题。	There are also typos, missing punctuation marks, and incorrect numbering in the e-book.	yes
总之,这本书作为理论入门是个不错的选择,但对于已经从事销售工作想要提高销售水平的人就不太适用了。	In short, this book is a good choice as an introduction to theory, but it is not suitable for people who are already engaged in sales and want to improve their sales level.	yes
快速了解互联网金融的导读书	A quick guide to Internet Finance	yes
这本书很浅，可以说只是一个入门课，可以帮助大家快速了解互联网金融的全貌，但要深入了解，还是要按图索骥，自己去深挖。	This book is very shallow. It can be said that it is just an introductory course. It can help everyone quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but to gain an in-depth understanding, you still have to follow the map and dig deep by yourself.	yes
且成书时间较早，后来的支付宝微信借补贴大战培养用户习惯的内容还没提及，如今的第三方支付份额只怕已不是书中所说的占比这么小了吧。	Moreover, the book was written earlier, and the content of the later Alipay WeChat subsidy war to cultivate user habits has not been mentioned. I am afraid that the share of third-party payment is no longer as small as the proportion mentioned in the book.	yes
现在好多人外出吃饭都是带个手机就好，商家也因为银行流水太高的原因，弃用银联了。	Nowadays, many people just bring a mobile phone when they go out to eat, and merchants have also abandoned Unionpay because of the high bank turnover.	yes
但还是非常感谢作者写出这本入门书，看得出作者起码有多年的金融观察经验，对国内外的金融发展史都十分熟悉，所以才能写成如此通俗易懂的内容。	But I am very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It can be seen that the author has at least many years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, so he can write such easy-to-understand content.	yes
写高大空很容易，难的是写的通俗易懂。	It's easy to write tall and empty, but the difficulty is that it's easy to understand.	yes
欣赏你，更想让你知道！	I appreciate you and want you to know more!	yes
决定一个人工作满意度的第一要素不是薪水高低，而是在工作中是否得到了足够重视和赏识。	The first element that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the level of salary, but whether he has received enough attention and appreciation at work.	yes
根据马斯洛需求层次理论，在人的基本生存需要得到满足后，最迫切的就是心理需要的满足——希望被理解、被肯定、被赏识。	According to Maslow's hierarchical theory of needs, after people's basic survival needs are met, the most urgent thing is the satisfaction of psychological needs-the hope of being understood, affirmed, and appreciated.	yes
确实，对于国人来说，大部分是“爱你在心口难开”，即便是怀有爱、感激与赞赏也是默默放在心里不会说出来。	Indeed, for Chinese people, most of them are “it's hard to open your heart to love you”, even if you have love, gratitude and appreciation, you will not say it silently in your heart.	yes
作者在本书中阐述了五种赞赏的语言：肯定的言辞、精心时刻、服务的行为、称心的礼物、身体接触。	In this book, the author expounds five languages of appreciation: affirmative words, careful moments, acts of service, satisfactory gifts, and physical contact.	yes
我觉得重要的不是你知道赞赏的五种语言到底是什么，而是你能随时随地发自内心地用这五种语言去赞赏，去感恩身边的人，不管是家人，朋友还是同事。	I think it is important not that you know what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use these five languages from the bottom of your heart anytime, anywhere to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, whether it is family, friends or colleagues.	yes
其实越是亲密的人越需要赞赏和感恩，这样我们的生活才会变得更加美好。	In fact, the more intimate people are, the more they need to be appreciated and grateful, so that our lives will become better.	yes
学会赞赏，企业也能在一定程度上挽留住人才，降低辞职率。	Learn to appreciate that companies can also retain talents to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.	yes
感谢译者给我们带来了精彩的国外的思想和世界。	Thank you to the translator for bringing us wonderful foreign ideas and the world.	yes
由于中西方文化背景等原因，语言之间或多或少会存在差异，如果有机会能看到作者原版相信会收获更多。	Due to the cultural background of China and the West, there will be more or less differences between languages. If you have the opportunity to see the author's original version, I believe you will gain more.	yes
再次谢谢作者和译者以及编辑们的辛勤劳动！	Thank you again for the hard work of the authors, translators and editors!	no
疑为伪劣商品，请亚马逊严格审核	Suspected of being counterfeit goods, please strictly review by Amazon	yes
质量超级差，包装松垮，没有分量，甚至不如路边地摊产品，没有克重，没有条码，十袋包装也是松松垮垮，完全不是合格产品的特征；是亚马逊最糟糕的购物体验，已经申请退货；完全属于质量问题；建议商家擦亮眼睛，拒绝劣质货；补充：又买了心相印，超市23元/10卷，加了几张对比照片，进一步验证了该产品的伪劣，为了给消费者更明确的参考，避免经济损失和进一步的心情不快！	The quality is super poor, the packaging is loose, there is no weight, and it is not even as good as the products at roadside stalls. There is no gram weight, no barcode, and the ten-bag packaging is also loose and is not a characteristic of qualified products at all; it is the worst shopping experience on Amazon and has been applied for a return; it is completely a quality problem; it is recommended that merchants polish their eyes and refuse inferior goods; Supplement: I bought another heart seal, 23 yuan/10 rolls in the supermarket, and added a few comparative photos to further verify the product's shoddy and shoddy, in order to give consumers a clearer reference and avoid economic losses and further unhappiness!	yes
再度期望亚马逊能够一丝不苟，严把商品源头。	I once again expect Amazon to be meticulous and strictly control the source of goods.	yes
马马虎虎的产品，和期望有差距	So-so products, there is a gap with expectations	yes
优点：	advantages：	yes
1. 大品牌，价格便宜。	1. Big brands, cheap prices.	yes
优点2：电机和刀片都是PANASONIC保证的，使用起来也还OK，但是和我期望有差距。	Advantage 2: The MOTOR AND BLADE ARE GUARANTEED BY PANASONIC, AND IT IS OK TO USE, BUT THERE IS A GAP WITH MY EXPECTATIONS.	yes
缺点：	Disadvantages：	yes
1. 充电没有指示灯，这个最基本你的电源指示都省下了，估计购买300元产品的客户，在松下PANASONIC的眼里，也是施舍，毫无尊重。	1. THERE IS NO INDICATOR LIGHT FOR CHARGING. THE MOST BASIC POWER INDICATION FOR YOU HAS BEEN SAVED. IT IS ESTIMATED THAT CUSTOMERS WHO PURCHASE 300 YUAN PRODUCTS ARE ALSO ALMS AND DISRESPECT IN THE EYES OF PANASONIC.	yes
2. 有强烈的异味 充电时候，哪怕仅仅充电10分钟，就可以闻到强烈的塑胶燃烧的那种味道。	2. There is a strong odor when charging, even if it is only charged for 10 minutes, you can smell the strong smell of plastic burning.	yes
办公室试用了1天，搞的全屋子都是这种塑胶味道。	The office tried it for one day, and the whole room smelled of plastic.	yes
和我之前用过的同价位的飞利浦PHILIPS相比，虽然多了个刀头，但是松下这款产品，质量真是对不起消费者了。	Compared with the PHILIPS PHILIPS of the same price I have used before, although there is an extra cutter head, the quality of Panasonic's product is really sorry for consumers.	yes
小包装	Small package	yes
收到快递一看上面写着电商版就知道又掉坑里了，比超市买的小了好些，应该是M，跟商品介绍上面的图片包装不一样，所谓新版吧。	As soon as I received the express delivery, I saw that the e-commerce version was written on it, and I knew that it had fallen into the pit again. It was much smaller than the one bought in the supermarket. It should be M. It is different from the picture packaging on the product introduction. The so-called new version.	yes
三颗星是怪自己马虎没看清楚商品规格，你卖M码电商版我没意见，你货不对版是几个意思？	The three stars are to blame for being sloppy and not seeing the product specifications clearly. I have no problem with you selling the M-code e-commerce version. What does it mean that your goods are not in the right version?	yes
电商套路深，有时间还是去超市买了。	E-commerce has a deep routine, so I went to the supermarket to buy it when I had time.	yes
就酱紫。	Just sauce purple.	yes
味道不喜欢	I don't like the taste	yes
小孩很不喜欢牙膏的味道，每次都说辣，也许用别的词形容才更贴切，小孩的词库里暂时只有这个词。	Children don't like the taste of toothpaste very much. They say it's spicy every time. Maybe it's more appropriate to use other words to describe it. This is the only word in the child's thesaurus for the time being.	yes
搞活动时候买的，很便宜，所以也不好意思给差评了，四星吧，不过不会再买了。	I bought it when I was engaged in activities, it was very cheap, so I'm sorry to give a bad review, four stars, but I won't buy it anymore.	yes
正品哟 包装好	Genuine yo, well packaged	yes
包装很完整，里面加了充气袋，没有网上评论的只有光秃秃一个产品的样子。	The packaging is very complete, with an inflatable bag added inside, and there are no online reviews, only the appearance of a bare product.	yes
瓶子外包装上还有一层塑料膜像图片上描述的一样，快递也很快，拍下第二天就来了。	There is also a layer of plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle, as described in the picture, and the express delivery is also very fast, and it will come the next day after the photo is taken.	yes
是正品，只是没货了，不知道什么时候再上架。	It's genuine, but it's out of stock, so I don't know when it will be on the shelves again.	yes
糟心的一次购物体验	A terrible shopping experience	yes
黑五的时候下的单，结果等了好久都没收到，后面一查询，包裹早已被签收，问了身边的同事都说没有帮签收，赶紧联系快递公司，却说要寄件方才能发起查询，联系了亚马逊客服，又等了十多天，终于搞清楚是快递被误投给别人了，又几番周转才终于取回快递，外包装已经被拆，商品还算是完整，也不知道被用过没有，总之挺糟心的	The order was placed during the Black Friday, but I waited for a long time and didn't receive it. When I inquired later, the package had already been signed for. I asked my colleagues around me and said that they didn't sign for it. I quickly contacted the courier company, but said that the sender could initiate the inquiry. I contacted Amazon customer service and waited for more than ten days. I finally figured out that the express delivery was mistakenly delivered to someone else, and after several turnover, the express delivery was finally retrieved. The outer packaging has been disassembled, and the goods are still complete. I don't know if they have been used. In short, it's very sad.	yes
错误的配图	Wrong picture	yes
我以为自己能够收到图1这样的耳机，没想到却收到了图2这样的耳机，图物不一致也就算了，耳机左右声音大小不一又是什么意思？	I thought I could receive a headset like Figure 1, but I didn't expect to receive a headset like Figure 2. Even if the picture is inconsistent, what does it mean that the sound on the left and right of the headset is different in size?	yes
虽然名称都是一样的，但还是希望大家能够小心注意，另外还请亚马逊负责人及时更换正确的配图，万分感谢。	Although the names are all the same, I still hope everyone can pay careful attention. In addition, the person in charge of Amazon is requested to replace the correct picture in time. Thank you very much.	yes
操作系统一般般	The operating system is normal	yes
用了一段时间，总体来说画面还可以，感觉不出什么差别来，就是这个系统让人看着纠结，开机时间明显有点慢，也没法进行很好的设置，再带的软件更是不用评论了，响应速度那就更一般了，和同事家的比起来那不是一个数量级的。	After using it for a while, the overall picture is OK, and there is no difference in feeling. That is, this system makes people look tangled. The boot time is obviously a bit slow, and it can't be set up well. There is no need to comment on the software you bring, and the response speed is more general. Compared with colleagues, it is not an order of magnitude.	yes
看评论说很人性化的设计，我没有找到哪里人性化，遥控器这个常用的上下左右，返回键设计的位置实在是不敢恭维。	Looking at the comments, I said that it is a very user-friendly design. I didn't find any user-friendly design. The position of the return button design of the remote control, which is commonly used up and down, is really not flattering.	yes
所以呢，就当个电视吧，再外加电视盒之类的用吧。	So, just use it as a TV, plus a TV box or something.	yes
降价太厉害了	The price reduction is too great	yes
降价太厉害了，一百多入现在99！	The price reduction is too great, more than one hundred yuan is now 99!	yes
在亚马逊积累了很多未评价的订单，所以我统一用复制的一段话作为评价内容。	I have accumulated a lot of un-evaluated orders on Amazon, so I uniformly use the copied passage as the evaluation content.	yes
如果我用这段话来评价，说明这款产品至少85分以上。	If I use this passage to evaluate, it means that this product has at least 85 points or more.	yes
而比较差的产品，我绝对不会偷懒到复制粘贴评价，这样其他消费者在购买的时候会作为参考，而商家也会因此改进商品质量。	For relatively poor products, I will never be lazy to copy and paste the evaluation, so that other consumers will use it as a reference when buying, and merchants will improve the quality of the products as a result.	yes
低价好线，不发烧就这个够了！	The low price is good, it's enough if you don't have a fever!	yes
这么便宜的线，但是却应该是达到了hdmi认证标准的，亲身对比秒杀国内秋叶原这些狗屁玩意（价格都是贵一倍了），线身粗壮，也比较柔软，7米传输没有噪点，以后低价线认准倍思了！	Such a cheap cable, but it should have reached the HDMI certification standard. I personally compared the domestic Akihabara shit (the price is twice as expensive), the cable body is thick and relatively soft, and there is no noise in the 7-meter transmission. In the future, I will look for the low-cost line. Think about it!	yes
东西还可以，但是亚马逊的售后服务真的比其他网站差太多了	Things are okay, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites.	yes
下单后发现下错了，但是取消订单已经取消不了，网页联系在线客服一直显示错误链接，联系不上。	After placing the order, it was found that the order was wrong, but the cancellation of the order could not be cancelled. The online customer service on the webpage kept showing the wrong link and could not be contacted.	yes
到货后送货员给我打电话，我说我不要了，想取消订单的没取消成功，派送员就拿回去了，说先给我签收上，让我申请退货。	After the arrival, the deliveryman called me and I said I didn't want it anymore. If I wanted to cancel the order, the deliveryman took it back and said to sign for it first and let me apply for a return.	yes
申请退货时才告知食品类一旦签收不能退货，没办法打电话给亚马逊客服，也是一样说法，签收不能退货。	When applying for a return, I was told that once the food category was signed for, it could not be returned, and there was no way to call Amazon customer service. The same is true, it cannot be returned after signing for it.	yes
我以前在京东和苏宁都买过政策上不能退货的物品，包括牛奶、纸尿裤等，联系客服都给退了，而且京东的纸尿裤打开后味道太大联系客服照样给退了，到了你亚马逊就不行。	I have bought items that cannot be returned under the policy in both Jingdong and Suning before, including milk, diapers, etc., and they were all returned when I contacted customer service, and the taste of Jingdong's diapers was too strong after opening. Contact customer service to return it, but it won't work if you arrive at Amazon.	yes
规矩是死的，人是活的，联系你们客服，怎么处理的？	Rules are dead, people are alive, contact your customer service, how to deal with it?	yes
告诉我要么我自己收下，要么让派送员自己买下来，人家派送员本来就不容易了，我凭什么让人家掏钱买下不是自己购买的东西？	Tell me that I will either accept it by myself or let the courier buy it by myself. It is not easy for the courier to pay for it. Why should I let others pay for things that are not purchased by myself?	yes
行，我也不退了，我自己收下了，但是必须给你们的服务打1分	Okay, I won't refund it either. I accepted it myself, but I have to give your service 1 point.	yes
劝大家不要白花钱	Advise everyone not to spend money in vain	yes
首先满怀期待购买，觉得都乐品牌的应该不会差到哪里去吧，收到了以后看包装觉得还可以，个头还不错，但是有一盒基本上都是软软的，外表看是看不出来的，要手感，吃到嘴里完全没有味道，寡淡无味，咬开来果肉一圈是暗黄色就是坏了那种，好坏参着卖的，能吃的也就不到三分之一，劝大家不要买，也不便宜，质量太差了！	First of all, I'm looking forward to buying it. I don't think the Dole brand should be much worse. After receiving it, I look at the packaging and think it's okay. The head is not bad, but there is a box that is basically soft and can't be seen from the outside. You have to feel it. It has no taste at all when you eat it. It's dull and tasteless. The flesh is dark yellow when you bite it. It's the kind that's broken. It's mixed. If you sell it, you can eat less than one-third of it. I advise everyone not to buy it. It's not cheap. The quality is too poor!	yes
吃一堑长一智，以后再也不在电商买水果了！	Learn a lesson and learn a wisdom, and never buy fruits in e-commerce again!	yes
产品防伪标识在哪里	Where is the anti-counterfeiting mark of the product?	yes
瓶子底部一角凹陷的厉害，应该是经历过强烈的撞击才能导致的，从外包装袋看，感觉蹂躏的程度让人揪心，毕竟是食物类的包装太简单了，而且还是属于国际购的，还有没看到什么明显的防伪标识标志，开瓶非常轻松，关键是盖内的一层蜂蜜直接从里面冒出来了，有开口几乎是没有什么粘连性，外国产品都是这样的吗？	The corner of the bottom of the bottle is severely depressed. It should have been caused by a strong impact. From the perspective of the outer packaging bag, the degree of damage is worrying. After all, the packaging of food is too simple, and it is still purchased internationally. I haven't seen any obvious anti-counterfeiting signs. It's very easy to open the bottle. The key is that the layer of honey inside the lid comes out directly from the inside, and there is almost no adhesion when there is an opening. Are foreign products like this?	yes
生在中国的我有点不理解了。	I was born in China and I don't understand it anymore.	yes
应该是正品吧？	It should be genuine, right?	yes
还有拍下时提示二十几号到，这个是14号收到的，我第一次在这里海外购，只是把自己的疑惑写下来，或许这都是正常的？	There is also a reminder to arrive on the 20th when the photo is taken. This one was received on the 14th. I bought it overseas here for the first time. I just wrote down my doubts. Maybe this is normal?	yes
提货服务有待改进	Pick-up service needs to be improved	yes
我一共买了5份提货券，在提取时，第一次预约提取3份，结果只寄过来2份，经过多方沟通才确认是漏发、答应后需补发；第二次预约，刚好赶上休息日，网站和微信均无提示需要在工作日预约，造成了不必要的恐慌，建议以后改善。	I bought a total of 5 pick-up coupons. When I picked them up, I made an appointment to pick up 3 copies for the first time, but only 2 copies were sent. After multiple communications, it was confirmed that they were missed and need to be reissued after agreeing; the second appointment was just in time for the rest day, and the website and WeChat did not prompt the need to make an appointment on working days, which caused unnecessary panic. It is recommended to improve in the future.	yes
不错的购物	Nice shopping	yes
东西好评！	Things are well received!	yes
还是比较相信亚马逊自营的东西，现在海外购以后很方便，从国外买回来物流时间比国内也就多几天，不得不说亚马逊海外购到国内的清关能力还是很强的，比走转运要快很多，所以现在很多东西都在海外购上买。	I still believe in Amazon's self-operated things. Now it is very convenient to buy overseas. The logistics time to buy back from abroad is only a few days longer than in China. I have to say that Amazon's customs clearance ability from overseas to China is still very strong, and it is much faster than transshipment, so now many things are bought overseas.	yes
希望国内商品的质量和价格能够更好一些，很多东西都是国内产的，但是出去转一圈买回来比在国内还便宜，希望改进。	I hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be better. Many things are made in China, but it is cheaper to go out and buy them back than in China. I hope to improve.	yes
垃圾	rubbish	yes
看到这样的包裹，试问大家:觉不觉得是路边的垃圾?	Seeing such a package, I asked everyone: Do you think it is garbage on the side of the road?	yes
一个塑料易碎的包装，就用一个塑料袋从所谓的德国发过来，这样的包装是负责的吗?	For a fragile plastic package, a plastic bag is used to send it from the so-called Germany. Is such a package responsible?	yes
我看这样的包装是装垃圾一样的，购买这个产品，包装及其简陋，没有任何防止破损的措施，就一个简单的塑料袋包装，到手后，包裹完全变形了，里面的物品也有破损。	I think this kind of packaging is the same as garbage. When I bought this product, the packaging was very simple and there was no measure to prevent damage. It was packed in a simple plastic bag. After I got it, the package was completely deformed and the items inside were also damaged.	yes
如果我只是碰到一个这样的，我认了，买了几个都是这样子，找亚马逊客服，客服就说可以退，但运费垫付，然后运费以礼品卡的形式返回给我。	If I just come across one like this, I recognize it, and I bought a few like this. If I find Amazon customer service, the customer service will say that it can be refunded, but the shipping fee will be paid in advance, and then the shipping fee will be returned to me in the form of a gift card.	yes
我试问一下，我用现金支付运费，你们给我返礼品卡，这是要我自己买你们礼品卡就直说啊，还要自己把产品邮寄到德国仓库，这不是买个产品受罪啊!	Let me ask, I use cash to pay for the freight, and you give me a gift card. If you want me to buy your gift card by myself, just say it, and you have to mail the product to the German warehouse by yourself. This is not a crime to buy a product!	yes
而我一直跟客服说，出现这样的问题是谁的责任，客服却半句不说是他们的责任，连半句责任都不敢担当，这样的售后服务还有什么保障呢? 一句话:认栽!但我估计我这个评价，亚马逊都不会给公布的机会，直接回删除!	And I have been telling the customer service that who is responsible for such a problem, but the customer service does not say that it is their responsibility, and they dare not even take half of the responsibility. What is the guarantee for such after-sales service? In one sentence: admit it!But I estimate that Amazon will not give me the opportunity to publish my evaluation, so I will delete it directly!	yes
质量很好5星，物流很差	The quality is very good 5 stars, the logistics is very poor	yes
1，质量很好，秒杀的，价格适中，物超所值。	1. The quality is very good, the spike is good, the price is moderate, and the value for money is excellent.	yes
2，结实、用料足、焊点牢固、表面处理得当、颜色很好。	2. Strong, sufficient materials are used, the solder joints are firm, the surface treatment is proper, and the color is very good.	yes
3，物流是硬伤，3号下的单，11号到的。	3. The logistics is a mishap. The order placed on the 3rd arrived on the 11th.	yes
4，如果亚马逊没有标注预计到货时间是2月7号，我或许会很满意。	4. If Amazon does not indicate that the estimated arrival time is February 7th, I might be very satisfied.	yes
5，但标注了预期到货时间，就相当于给用户一个承诺，当承诺无法兑现的时候，用户很难受。	5. However, the expected arrival time is marked, which is equivalent to giving the user a promise. When the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user is very uncomfortable.	yes
6，如果你没有给予承诺的把握，请不要做出承诺。	6. If you are not sure of giving a promise, please do not make a promise.	yes
7，实际上，我非常在意商家做出的承诺。	7. In fact, I care very much about the promises made by merchants.	yes
8，所以，我打了低分。	8. So, I got a low score.	yes
金线会掉色	The gold thread will fade	yes
效果还是有的，但感觉是否明显，就看个人咯，或是心理作用。	The effect is still there, but whether it feels obvious depends on the individual or the psychological effect.	yes
有一点不太好的，就是金色的线，本来设计出来是觉得好看，但实际上，这个金线会掉色，往车上一放，如果拿动几次，手上，和车上，会有一些金粉。	One thing that is not very good is the golden thread. It was originally designed to look good, but in fact, the golden thread will fade. Put it on the car. If you hold it a few times, there will be some gold powder in your hands and on the car.	yes
希望产品可以改进。	Hope the product can be improved.	yes
这种方形的，也没啥装饰效果，就不要搞金线上去，掉下来在车上弄脏车还麻烦。	This kind of square one has no decorative effect, so don't get on the gold line. It's troublesome to get dirty on the car when it falls off.	yes
东西完好，速度可以，分2个包裹还不同包装	The things are in good condition, the speed is ok, divided into 2 packages and packaged differently	yes
8天的速度蛮快的，但就是2件分了2个包裹，包装还不一样，明显一个防震太多了，厚纸板贴着，封了层塑料，外包装也方便拆，一个就国内的快递盒似的，放了几个缓冲气囊就算事了，感觉有点敷衍。	The speed of 8 days is quite fast, but the 2 pieces are divided into 2 packages, and the packaging is still different. Obviously, one is too shockproof. The thick cardboard is attached, and the outer packaging is sealed with a layer of plastic. It is also easy to disassemble. One is like a domestic express box. Just put a few cushioning airbags. It feels a bit perfunctory.	yes
雅兰床垫真心不错	Yalan mattress is really good	yes
34CM的床垫不是一般的厚，不要床直接睡床垫都可以了。	The 34CM mattress is not generally thick, so you can sleep directly on the mattress without a bed.	yes
质量很好，不管是正面还是背面，都挺软的，睡眠很舒服，躺在上面很快就睡着了。	The quality is very good, whether it is the front or the back, it is quite soft, and the sleep is very comfortable. I fell asleep quickly when I lay on it.	yes
床垫收到后因为快递暴力运输有两处有些污渍，雅兰客服很负责，很有效率的联系解决了问题。	After receiving the mattress, there were some stains in two places due to violent courier transportation. Yalan customer service was very responsible and contacted very efficiently to solve the problem.	yes
并不是自营商品，亚马逊无耻了	It's not a self-operated commodity, Amazon is shameless	yes
页面明确标注自营，实际上由供应商配送，售后由供应商负责，出问题自行联系供货商。	The page is clearly marked as self-operated. In fact, it is delivered by the supplier, and the supplier is responsible for after-sales. If you have any questions, please contact the supplier yourself.	yes
想取消订单，对不起，订单信息已传递给供应商，不能取消；想退换货，在亚马逊成功申请了退换货，对不起，没有人理你，需要自行联系供货商退货。	If you want to cancel the order, I'm sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier and cannot be cancelled; if you want to return or exchange the goods, you have successfully applied for a return or exchange on Amazon. Sorry, no one cares about you, you need to contact the supplier to return the goods.	yes
这尼玛哪门子自营商品。	What kind of self-operated commodity is this Nima?	yes
商品不是亚马逊配送，售后亚马逊不承担，客服竟然说“我帮你联系供应商”，还声称就是自营，太无耻了，赤裸裸的不要脸，赤裸裸的对消费者进行欺诈！	The goods are not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon is not responsible for after-sales. The customer service actually said “I will contact the supplier for you”, and claimed that it was self-operated. It's shameless, shameless, and naked fraud on consumers!	yes
郁闷的体验	Depressed experience	yes
之前在别家网购的滤芯，过滤效果不错，28天结束之后再用多一两天也一样没有水垢。	The filter element that was purchased online in another store before has a good filtration effect, and it will be the same without scale if you use it for one or two more days after the end of 28 days.	yes
由于一直以来在亚马逊购置的东西品质都可以，这次就想着在这边买，第一次在亚马逊买滤芯，感觉不太好，不但早早就开始有水垢，而且滤芯一直用到第28天，都会有悬浮的小黑碳粉，真不知道是继续用下去，还是直接扔了好，非常郁闷~	Since the quality of the things I have always purchased on Amazon is good, I just wanted to buy it here this time. The first time I bought the filter element on Amazon, it didn't feel very good. Not only did it start to have dirt early, but the filter element was used until the 28th day. There will be suspended black toner. I really don't know if I will continue to use it or just throw it away. I'm very depressed~	yes
没有想象的那么好	Not as good as imagined	yes
和我以往用过的插线板比较，外部做工一般，内部如何未拆开看，但愿如店家所描述，从使用方便性上看，每一独立单位是否通电缺少显示	Compared with the plug-in boards I have used in the past, the external workmanship is general, and the internal workmanship is not disassembled. I hope that as described by the store, from the point of view of ease of use, whether each independent unit is powered on is missing.	yes
包装破损了，等时间来检验产品的质量。	The packaging is damaged, wait for time to check the quality of the product.	yes
外包装破损较严重，里面的包装盒似乎是新的，但是说明书好像不是新的，九月才装修，囤货中，希望到时候不会是坏的，请亚马逊解释一下为什么好几个顾客提到包装破损，你们却能安然处之，谢谢！	The outer packaging is more seriously damaged. The packaging box inside seems to be new, but the manual does not seem to be new. It was only renovated in September. It is in stock. I hope it will not be broken by then. Please explain to Amazon why several customers mentioned that the packaging is damaged, but you can handle it safely, thank you!	yes
总体不错，有点小问题	Overall good, a bit of a problem	yes
第一次购买滤水壶，看了几篇评价文章，感觉LAICA的性价比高些就选择了这个，收到货按说明书装好了滤芯，试用了一下，感觉总体不错，但是在倒水的时候好像原水会从壶嘴的地方与处理后的水混合（原水仓密封不太严）。	The FIRST time I BOUGHT a filter kettle, I READ a few EVALUATION ARTICLES and FELT that LAICA was more cost-effective. I CHOSE THIS one. After receiving the goods, I INSTALLED the FILTER element according TO the INSTRUCTIONS and TRIED IT out. It FEELS GENERALLY good, BUT WHEN pouring water, IT SEEMS THAT the raw WATER WILL BE MIXED WITH THE TREATED WATER FROM THE SPOUT (THE original water warehouse is not tightly sealed).	yes
用的时候一定要等所有水过滤完再倒出！	When using it, be sure to wait for all the water to be filtered before pouring it out!	yes
图片不完整	Incomplete picture	yes
图片没有拍出侧面的细节，侧面的细节跟主体的风格并不一致，有很大差别，这是其一；这个珠子是泰国产的，没有标明产地，这是其二；没有标明质地，这是其三；我在英国买的时候，分明每项各有盒子，这里只有一个简简单单的塑料袋，而且珠子上面没有任何的产品标志，我哪里判断得出是真是假。	The picture does not show the details on the side. The details on the side are not consistent with the style of the subject. There is a big difference. This is one of them; this bead is made in Thailand, and the place of origin is not indicated. This is the second; the texture is not indicated. This is the third; when I bought it in the UK, it was clear that each item had its own box. There is only a simple plastic bag here, and there is no product logo on the bead. Where can I judge whether it is true or not.	yes
购买要慎重哦，尤其是买香港出来的东西。	Be careful when buying, especially when buying things from Hong Kong.	yes
亚马逊客服真烂	Amazon customer service sucks	yes
两天前下的订单，今天收到就发现降了40块钱，花了好多时间找到客服，客服说没法补差价，可以重买并退货。	The order placed two days ago was found to be down by 40 yuan when I received it today. It took a lot of time to find customer service. The customer service said that it could not make up the difference. You can buy it again and return it.	yes
这种客户体验和服务比某宝某东真是差一万倍。	This kind of customer experience and service is 10,000 times worse than that of a certain treasure and a certain east.	yes
还行，作为新手来说，值得入手	Okay, as a novice, it's worth starting	yes
品相过得去，和极品金刚没得比，之前看过商场那个价格，少说都好几百，我是第一次玩金刚，还行。	The quality is good, and it is no match for the best King Kong. I have seen the price in the mall before, let alone hundreds. This is the first time I have played King Kong. It's okay.	yes
东西不错	Nice stuff	yes
东西着实不错，送女友的，只是中午我不在加拿快递的时候有些不愉快，物流公司直接放邮件寄存宝里并且没发取件的验证短信给我，害我跑了两趟。	The things are really good, for my girlfriend, but I was a little unhappy when I was not in Canada for express delivery at noon. The logistics company put it directly in the mail storage treasure and did not send me a verification text message for pickup, which caused me to run twice.	yes
不过宝贝确实不错。	But the baby is really good.	yes
值得购买	Worth buying	yes
小猴子可爱，亚马逊优惠力度真大，周生生官网直接发货，前天晚上下单，今天下午就收到了，真快。	The little monkey is cute, and the Amazon discount is really strong. Zhou Shengsheng's official website ships directly. I placed an order the night before yesterday and received it this afternoon. It's so fast.	yes
邮政快递员也很负责。	The postal courier is also very responsible.	yes
赞！	Like!	yes
一个顾客的告白	A customer's confession	yes
1 收到这样残次品，亚马逊客服告诉你不要急啊，我们54小时左右会跟你联系。	1 After receiving such a defective product, Amazon customer service tells you not to worry, we will contact you in about 54 hours.	yes
2 然后中间你联系客服人员，他们会告诉你这个问题会有专员处理，他会告知你结果。	2 Then in the middle, you contact the customer service staff, and they will tell you that the problem will be dealt with by a specialist, and he will inform you of the result.	yes
你永远主动联系不上这个专员，也不知道她的工号，也没有直线联系电话，就是你联系不上她，只有她联系你。	You will never be able to contact this commissioner on your own initiative, you don't know her work number, and you don't have a direct contact number, that is, you can't contact her, only she can contact you.	yes
3悲剧的是等了近3天，这个专员联系了我，我手机离开了一会，没有接到这个专员的电话。	3 The tragedy is that after waiting for nearly 3 days, this commissioner contacted me. My phone left for a while and I did not receive a call from this commissioner.	yes
我等了2个小时也没有等来那个专员的电话，期间我主动联系了亚马逊客服，并邮件发送了客服让她给我回电话。	I waited for 2 hours and didn't wait for the specialist's call. During this period, I took the initiative to contact Amazon customer service and emailed customer service to ask her to call me back.	yes
4近3天过去了我都还不知道亚马逊对我收到这个残次品的咖啡机，会有什么处理结果！	4 Nearly 3 days have passed, and I still don't know what Amazon will do with the coffee machine that I received this defective product!	yes
5美国亚马逊的商品没有问题，海外购这种购物方式是好的，但是比对美亚的服务可就差远了。	5There is no problem with Amazon products in the United States. This shopping method is good for overseas purchases, but it is far worse than Meiya's service.	yes
6对我来说我只能继续等待...	6 For me, I can only continue to wait...	yes
底不平	Uneven bottom	yes
因为看点评里说的都很好，所有对这款锅很有期待，拿到手的时候也很喜欢，很轻巧，但开锅的时候就发现问题了，锅底不是平的，中间突起来，周边凹下去，油都跑到周边了，特意买来的开锅大肥肉炸出好多油都没法覆盖中央区域，糊了，开锅都开不了，这样的构造估计没法正常煮菜。	Because the reviews are very good, everyone is looking forward to this pot, and they like it very much when they get it. It is very light, but when they open the pot, they find a problem. The bottom of the pot is not flat, the middle protrudes, the periphery is concave, and the oil runs to the periphery. The specially bought big fat meat fried out a lot of oil. It can't cover the central area. If it is pasted, the pot can't be opened. It is estimated that this structure will not be able to cook vegetables normally.	yes
不知道是否我运气不好，刚好拿到个底子不平的锅，幸亏亚马逊提供一个月的退货服务，果断退了。	I don't know if I was out of luck. I just got a pot with an uneven foundation. Fortunately, Amazon provided a one-month return service and returned it decisively.	yes
我把锅刷得干干净净地退了，白忙活了半天。	I brushed the pot cleanly and returned it, and I was busy for a long time in vain.	yes
好的产品设计需要匹配的制造工艺来实现	Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve	yes
这是一款设计风格非常简洁的产品。	This is a product with a very simple design style.	yes
立方体的造型，设计师把顶部处理成微微的弧面。	In the shape of a cube, the designer processed the top into a slight arc.	yes
本来应该是非常流畅的线条。	It should have been very smooth lines.	yes
可惜最终效果没有能够实现。	It is a pity that the final effect has not been achieved.	yes
因为顶部有两个部件，前面是控制面板，后面水盒顶盖。	Because there are two parts on the top, the front is the control panel and the back is the top cover of the water box.	yes
顶盖的弧度和控制面板的弧度居然不一致，拼合之后出现了一个最高2mm左右的高差。	The curvature of the top cover and the curvature of the control panel are actually inconsistent, and after flattening, there is a height difference of up to about 2mm.	yes
虽然看起来是一个很小的缝隙。	Although it looks like a small gap.	yes
但是可以说是把整个设计感都摧毁了。	But it can be said that the entire sense of design has been destroyed.	yes
有点心疼那个产品设计师。	I feel a little bit sorry for the product designer.	yes
看来美的的产品经理还没有能力去打造这样的水准的产品。	It seems that Midea's product managers are not yet capable of creating products of this level.	no
（对于售后小姐的回馈当然不能要求太高，但当我听到售后说道这款产品所有的个体都是这样的，不是只有我买的这件有问题时，她的不以为然和如实重负的情绪让我明白对美的也不能要求太高） 2019-7-7水泵故障出水量少，已经第二次维修，第一次维修后两周又坏了。	(Of course, you can't ask too much for the feedback from the after-sales lady, but when I heard the after-sales lady say that all the individuals of this product are like this, and it's not just the one I bought that has a problem, her disapproval and overwhelmed emotions made me understand that I can't ask too much for the beautiful one.) 2019-7-7 The water pump failed and the water output was low. It has been repaired for the second time, and it broke down two weeks after the first repair.	no
优惠后很划算，亚马逊假优惠很伤心	It's a good deal after the discount, Amazon's fake discount is very sad	yes
宝宝出生一周购买，保温超强。	Purchased one week after the baby is born, the insulation is super strong.	yes
壶的外面摸不到一丝热量，即不怕烫到人也能有效保护温度不外散。	There is not a trace of heat on the outside of the pot, which can effectively protect the temperature from spreading even if it is not afraid of being scalded.	yes
经过一个晚上空调房依然能保持很高的温度。	After a night, the air-conditioned room can still maintain a very high temperature.	yes
亚马逊说周年活动320大优惠，后来发现大家249,289,299都有，瞬间有种被欺骗感，但是去超市对比了一下依然比同价位各种杂牌划算多了，今后外出可随车携带。	Amazon said that there are 320 big discounts for the anniversary event. Later, it was discovered that everyone has 249,289,299. There is a sense of being deceived in an instant, but going to the supermarket to compare it is still much more cost-effective than various miscellaneous brands at the same price. You can carry it with you when you go out in the future.	yes
Vitamix 维他美仕6300	Vitamix Vitamix 6300	yes
已观望很久，看到美亚6300打折，中亚海外购同价，赶紧下手。	I have been waiting and watching for a long time, and I saw that Meiya 6300 was discounted, and I bought the same price from overseas, so I hurriedly started.	yes
9月2号下单，预计到货是21号，结果12号就到了，提前了差不多10天，速度是真快！	The order was placed on September 2nd, and the expected arrival was on the 21st. As a result, it arrived on the 12th. It was almost 10 days in advance. The speed is really fast!	yes
包装箱不大，直接用的是Vitamix 的原包装，亚马逊也不怕漂洋过海的摔坏了！	The packaging box is not large, and the original packaging of Vitamix is directly used. Amazon is not afraid of breaking it across the ocean!	yes
机器看着挺新，配件齐全，就是杯子放在底座上晃动的厉害，我都害怕开机杯子直接飞出去！	The machine looks very new and has complete accessories, but the cup is shaking so badly on the base that I am afraid to turn on the cup and fly out directly!	yes
问了一个有5200的朋友，听他描述好像没有我的这个这么松。	I asked a friend with 5200, and he seemed to be not as loose as mine when he heard his description.	yes
随机附带的食谱全英文，看得挺累，网上也没找到中文版，这是个麻烦事！	The randomly included recipes are all in English. I'm tired of reading them. I didn't find the Chinese version on the Internet. This is a trouble!	yes
收到货后赶紧的买个了变压器，估计3天能到吧，到时候再好好折腾！	After receiving the goods, I quickly bought a transformer. It is estimated that it will arrive in 3 days. Then I will toss it well!	yes
太小，没伞套，材质一般。	It's too small, there is no umbrella cover, and the material is general.	yes
根本不是大号！	It's not a large size at all!	yes
第二把Totes，1.这把没有伞套 2.伞柄材质一般 3.明明写Large,实际上就是一人用的便捷雨伞,两个人用估计够呛。	The second Totes, 1.This one does not have an umbrella cover 2.The material of the umbrella handle is generally 3.Obviously writing Large, it is actually a convenient umbrella for one person, and it is estimated that it is enough for two people to use it.	yes
反而之前在美亚买的那把能三个人用无压力。	On the contrary, the one I bought in Meiya before can be used by three people without pressure.	yes
感觉不太好	It doesn't feel good	yes
首先是箱子并不怎么结实，用加按一下就变形了，其次是背面设计的平放时防止箱面的ABS刮花并起不了作用，再次是箱子里面就是一块布包着、拉杆的地方凸显出来..等等，各种不满意，最后拉链有点不顺畅。	The first is that the box is not very strong, and it is deformed with a single click. The second is that the ABS designed on the back prevents the surface of the box from scratching and does not work when it is placed flat. Again, the inside of the box is wrapped in a piece of cloth, and the place of the tie rod is highlighted..Wait, all kinds of dissatisfaction, and finally the zipper is a bit not smooth.	yes
PS：轮子感觉确实挺好的	PS: The wheels feel really good	yes
还可以	Ok	yes
优点：这款双肩包比较精致，看起来耐用。	Advantages: This backpack is more exquisite and looks durable.	yes
缺点：卡片上的二维码扫不到（搞什么鬼），15.6寸的笔记本放不下（再长一点点行不行），这款双肩包拉链可以锁起来，却不为买家准备一把锁，不可谓服务至上。	Disadvantages: The QR code on the card can't be scanned (what the hell), and the 15.6-inch notebook can't be put away (a little longer is okay). The zipper of this backpack can be locked, but it does not prepare a lock for the buyer, which cannot be said to be service-oriented.	yes
整体还行，不认识是否是真皮	The whole is okay, I don't know if it's genuine leather	yes
整体感觉还行，不认识是否是真皮，也就不能瞎评价了。	The overall feeling is okay, if you don't know if it is genuine leather, you can't evaluate it blindly.	yes
可以装A4幅面的文件，装过80页厚的，但太厚太硬的盒状物体（不能变形的）估计装不下。	It can hold documents in A4 format, which are over 80 pages thick, but box-like objects that are too thick and too hard (those that cannot be deformed) are estimated to not be able to hold them.	yes
包很软，里面内袋分隔也比较人性化，还是相当不错的。	The bag is very soft, and the separation of the inner pockets is more user-friendly, which is still quite good.	yes
只是我拿到的这个底部有个小砂眼，不知道是我人品不好还是？	It's just that there is a small sand eye at the bottom of the one I got. I don't know if it's my bad character or not?	yes
懒得折腾来回换货，忍了。	I didn't bother to toss and exchange the goods, so I endured it.	yes
整体打个四星，还是值的。	A four-star rating as a whole is still worth it.	yes
ForRoyal 风靡全球 相机背带 单反背带	ForRoyal is popular all over the world, camera strap, SLR strap	yes
这条背带设计得比较科学，挂双肩，实用，而且胸前是用软材料固定及保护相机，不像其他快枪手那样用螺丝固定底部伤相机，而且取下摄影也很方便。	This strap is designed to be more scientific, hanging on the shoulders, practical, and the chest is fixed and protected by soft materials. It is not like other fast-moving guns that use screws to fix the bottom of the camera, and it is also very convenient to take off the camera.	yes
垃圾售后	Garbage after-sales	yes
我一个半月前买的琴，缺个零件，通知亚马逊后给了我售后的电话，多次沟通后，零件现在还没收到，请问这是什么效率！	The qin I bought a month and a half ago was missing a part. After notifying Amazon, I gave me an after-sales call. After many communications, the parts have not been received yet. What is the efficiency? !	yes
估计之后有问题维修更麻烦，期待好售后的朋友们还是绕道吧，太费心！	It is estimated that there will be problems in the future and maintenance will be more troublesome. Friends who are looking forward to the after-sales service should take a detour. It's too much trouble!	yes
有小缺陷，音色不错	There are minor defects, the tone is good	yes
琴头有缺陷，少了一个角，感觉是残次品，也没有任何赠品，但是这个价位已经不错了，琴的音色也不错。	The Qin head is defective, one corner is missing, it feels like a defective product, and there are no gifts, but the price is already good, and the tone of the qin is also good.	yes
还行吧，第一把面单	Okay, the first face order	yes
用了很久，除了低音出不来，总体还不错。	After using it for a long time, except that the bass can't come out, it's generally not bad.	yes
就是做工并没有想象中的那么完美。	It's just that the workmanship is not as perfect as imagined.	yes
第一次买的时候，东西有问题，所有的灯在闪烁，无法用。	When I bought it for the first time, there was a problem with something, all the lights were flashing and it couldn't be used.	yes
要求换货，结果货到上海都三天了，还不送过来。	I asked for an exchange, but it turned out that the goods had been in Shanghai for three days and had not been delivered yet.	yes
给配送的打电话也不接。	I didn't answer the call to the delivery person.	yes
快递公司说，他们只有那个联系方式。	The courier company said that they only have that contact information.	yes
亚马逊找不到投诉的地方。	Amazon could not find a place to complain.	yes
没有要求过，延迟送货的情况下，莫名其妙按我的要求延迟送货－这样的短信过来。	I haven't asked for it. If the delivery is delayed, the delivery will be delayed inexplicably according to my request－such a text message will come.	yes
后面又说什么中转问题。	What transit issues will be mentioned later.	yes
反正极差的购物体验，开始怀疑亚马逊的物流系统及控制系统的有效性。	Anyway, the extremely poor shopping experience began to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics system and control system.	yes
估计今天也拿不到。	It is estimated that I will not get it today.	yes
标签粘性太差，不防水	The label is too sticky and not waterproof	yes
虽然蓝牙连接很方便，但是打印出来的内容不防水，而且表面没有覆膜；且标签粘性很差，用于线缆标签根本不行，非常容易掉下来，买来用于整理线缆的朋友需要注意一下了。	Although the Bluetooth connection is very convenient, the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface is not coated; and the label is very sticky, it is not good for the cable label at all, and it is very easy to fall off. Friends who bought it to organize the cable need to pay attention.	yes
笔还可以，不过包裹太简陋了，就一个纸盒子，什么保护措施都没有，而且装笔的盒子用一大块透明胶粘着，撕下来胶都在盒子上。	The pen is okay, but the package is too simple, just a paper box, there are no protective measures, and the box containing the pen is glued with a large piece of transparent glue, and the torn glue is all on the box.	yes
六百元的东西就这样对待，很失望的一次购物。	The six hundred yuan thing was treated like this, and I was very disappointed in a shopping trip.	yes
不过笔没问题。	But the pen is fine.	yes
希望在包装上以后多改进！	Hope to improve the packaging in the future!	yes
质量没的说，若论写字，不如925-25	If the quality is not good, if you talk about writing, it's better to 925-25	yes
先赞一下天天快递吧，航空件，超迅速，服务态度也很好！	First praise the daily express delivery, air parts, super fast, and the service attitude is also very good!	yes
一直在用925-25,非常棒，刚收到925-85，笔的质量没的说，样式也非常漂亮，之所以给四星是因为笔有点重，不适合快速写字，笔帽调节铅芯长度处有点晃动，个人意见：925-25要比85更顺手。	I have been using 925-25, which is great. I just received 925-85. The quality of the pen is not good, and the style is also very beautiful. The reason why I gave it four stars is because the pen is a bit heavy and not suitable for fast writing. The cap is a bit shaky when adjusting the length of the lead core. Personal opinion: 925-25 is more convenient than 85.	yes
因此变成亚马逊死忠粉	So I became a diehard Amazon fan	yes
超级优惠的价格买的，结果孩子不喜欢点读笔。	I bought it at a super favorable price, but the child didn't like to click on the reading pen.	yes
已拆封，试着申请退货，居然免费上门取件。	It has been unopened, I tried to apply for a return, but I actually picked it up for free.	yes
太牛了。	Awesome.	yes
不提倡退货，但是这样的服务，在中国仅此一家。	Returns are not advocated, but this kind of service is the only one in China.	yes
希望不要被滥用。	Hope not to be abused.	yes
以后的书，都转移阵地到这里买了。	In the future, all the books have been transferred to buy here.	yes
耳机偏音，还有杂音	The headphones are biased, and there is noise	yes
这耳机是真垃圾，我不知道是我的耳朵出问题了，还是这个耳机确实不如从前了。	This headset is really rubbish. I don't know if there is a problem with my ears, or if this headset is really not as good as before.	yes
我两年前在某易购买过一个蓝色的，音质还不错没有杂音低音也不错，用了两年多用坏了打算再买一个（urbeats ），毕竟感觉还不错。	I bought a blue one in a certain store two years ago. The sound quality is not bad. There is no noise and the bass is not bad. After using it for two years, I plan to buy another one (urbeats). After all, it feels pretty good.	yes
又看了出了个紫色的挺好看的，结果买来这个今天打开一听才感觉不对劲，一边声音大一边声音小。	I saw a purple one again, which is very beautiful, but I bought this one and opened it today. I didn't feel right until I opened it. The voice was loud and the voice was low.	yes
开始我以为是那首歌音效的缘故没有多想，可后来听了半天我才发现这个问题很严重，不光偏音，低音效果也没我之前那个听起来好了，还有些许杂音，是只有我买的这个紫色的有这个现象吗？还是现在耳机制造工艺确实不行了呢?	At first I thought it was because of the sound effect of that song. I didn't think much about it, but then after listening to it for a long time, I realized that the problem was very serious. Not only was the pitch biased, but the bass effect didn't sound as good as the one I had before, and there was a little noise. Is it only the purple one I bought that has this phenomenon?Or is the headphone manufacturing process really not working now?	yes
相当差的评价，很失望。	Quite a poor evaluation, very disappointed.	yes
明天白天一定要退货。	Be sure to return it during the day tomorrow.	yes
PS颜值不错	PS has a good face value	yes
此款AV功放机设置复杂，外表做工粗糙，发热量大。	This AV power amplifier has complex settings, rough appearance and workmanship, and large heat generation.	yes
声音要用过一段时间再评！	It will take a while to comment on the sound!	yes
8月14日刚入手德版的DN1080.一看外做工好差。	I just started the German version of DN1080 on August 14th.At first glance, the workmanship is so poor.	yes
1.前面板，旋钮都塑料的。	1.The front panel and knobs are all plastic.	yes
2.后板音频输入插口，喇叭输出端子都好差，随便找台1000-2000的CD功放一体机要比这款好太多了。	2.The audio input socket of the rear board and the speaker output terminal are all so bad, just find a 1000-2000 CD power amplifier all-in-one machine is much better than this one.	yes
3.顶盖比较薄，我的变压器那边还凹下去了，不得已开箱用手恢复，顶盖和前面板结合松动。	3.The top cover is relatively thin, and the side of my transformer is still concave. I had to open the box and restore it by hand. The combination of the top cover and the front panel was loose.	yes
4.整个机器重心偏向变压器端，搬动的时候很别扭。	4.The center of gravity of the entire machine is biased towards the transformer end, which is very awkward when moving.	yes
感觉是SONY入门款机器，就那做工，马来西亚出品的。	It feels like it's SONY's entry-level machine, just the workmanship, made in Malaysia.	yes
感觉索尼要放在中国代工要比小马好多了。	It feels that Sony is much better than Pony to be OEM in China.	yes
5.机器发热大，看场电影用的两声道2个小时左右顶盖用手摸一下得有40-50℃，不知道是不是变压器太大发热量大。	5.The machine has a lot of heat, and the top cover of the two channels used to watch a movie for about 2 hours has to be 40-50℃ when touched by hand. I don't know if the transformer is too hot.	yes
现在多用开关电源，这个傻大的变压器估计得有4KG。	Now it is used for switching power supplies, and this silly transformer is estimated to be 4KG.	no
索尼应该在机器里面用主动散热的静音风扇，开箱后只看到管子上大型铝板散热片。	Sony should use a silent fan that actively dissipates heat in the machine. After opening the box, only the large aluminum plate heat sink on the tube can be seen.	no
小贵	Xiaogui	yes
梵盾吉普（FANDUN JEEP）服饰有限公司是一家集研发设计、加工生产、营销贸易为一体的服装企业，主要生产男士户外休闲服饰，是一家正在蓬勃发展的年轻企业。	FANDUN JEEP (FANDUN JEEP) Clothing Co., Ltd. is A clothing enterprise integrating R&D, design, processing, production, MARKETING and TRADE. It mainly produces men's outdoor casual clothing. IT is A young company that is booming.	yes
梵盾吉普(FANDUN JEEP)服饰注重现代信息技术与传统产业的有效结合，引进国际先进生产设备、工艺设计和管理技术，建成国内一流的服装生产线。	FANDUN JEEP clothing PAYS ATTENTION TO THE EFFECTIVE COMBINATION OF MODERN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND TRADITIONAL INDUSTRIES, INTRODUCES INTERNATIONAL ADVANCED PRODUCTION EQUIPMENT, PROCESS DESIGN AND MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGY, AND BUILDS A DOMESTIC FIRST-CLASS clothing PRODUCTION LINE.	yes
在生产和服务、质量和品牌、效益和公益等方面保持卓越的追求。	Maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public welfare.	yes
在信息化建设方面，努力提升企业产品流、物流与信息流的速度与效率，使企业在综合管理能力方面得到了加强和提高，整体提升了企业的现代化管理水平。	In terms of information construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, so that the enterprise's comprehensive management capabilities have been strengthened and improved, and the overall level of modern management of the enterprise has been improved.	yes
公司秉持“诚信，和谐、品质、卓越”的经营理念，产品立足国内市场，深受广大客商的青睐。	The company adheres to the business philosophy of “integrity, harmony, quality and excellence”. Its products are based on the domestic market and are favored by the majority of merchants.	yes
梵盾吉普服饰，因为年轻，所以自信！	Vandun Jeep clothing, because it is young, so confident!	yes
我们竭诚欢迎海内外客商前来合作，共创辉煌！	We wholeheartedly welcome customers at home and abroad to cooperate and create brilliance together!	yes
企业精神：积极进取、与时俱进，服务宗旨：客户至上、真诚奉献，企业使命：引领潮流、树立品牌。	Enterprise spirit: proactive, keep pace with the times, service tenet: customer first, sincere dedication, corporate mission: to lead the trend and establish a brand.	yes
没拆开过	Never opened	yes
电池在用。	The battery is in use.	yes
很想解剖一下，看看它肚子里到底是什么。	I really want to dissect it and see what's in its stomach.	yes
后来想想，万一拆开后很失望，花那么多钱就太冤了；万一拆开后很满意，再装起来就难了，用着就不爽了。	Think about it later, if you are disappointed after disassembling it, it would be too unfair to spend so much money; if you are satisfied after disassembling it, it will be difficult to install it again, and you will be unhappy when you use it.	yes
算了，就算索尼用的是好电芯吧。	Forget it, even if Sony uses a good battery.	yes
至于电量的详细说明，一般人看着心里会发虚。	As for the detailed description of the battery, most people will feel guilty when they look at it.	yes
我还好，长期在手机厂工作过，除了不懂电路外，也算是半个电池工程师了，能顶得住。	I'm okay. I've worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time. Apart from not knowing the circuit, I'm also a half-battery engineer and can withstand it.	yes
喜出望外	Overjoyed	yes
买之前心里真的没底，直到打开一看包装就感觉很正！	I really didn't have a bottom in my heart before I bought it, until I opened it and looked at the package, I felt very positive!	yes
最后当我触碰到耳机线的时候，感觉特别柔韧，质量太好了，迫不及待插到手机上打开qq音乐。	Finally, when I touched the headphone cable, I felt very flexible and the quality was so good that I couldn't wait to plug in the phone to turn on qq music.	yes
我惊愕了，音质竟然是环绕3D立体！	I was shocked, the sound quality turned out to be surround 3D stereo!	yes
我在实体通讯店问过了，差不多的30左右，但绝不是品胜牌子的，是杂牌的，因此说这款品胜虽然27块，但是性价比绝对的值得拥有！	I asked in the physical communication store, it's about the same as 30, but it's by no means a Pinsheng brand, it's a miscellaneous brand, so although this Pinsheng is 27 yuan, the price is definitely worth it!	yes
最差的网购体验	Worst online shopping experience	yes
9月28号下单后，系统显示已经发货，结果一直等到10月12号依然没有收到货。	After placing the order on September 28th, the system showed that the goods had been shipped, but the goods were not received until October 12th.	yes
查询亚马逊订单状态，卖家没有提供快递单号，查不到订单在哪儿。	To check the status of the Amazon order, the seller did not provide the courier number, and could not find out where the order was.	yes
于是发邮件给卖家问是否能提供快递单号，过了两天一直没有回复。	So I sent an email to the seller asking if I could provide the courier number, but there was no reply after two days.	yes
无奈之下，打亚马逊客服，客服告诉了卖家的手机号码，我再打电话问店家，打了几次之后，电话通了，被告知快递丢件了，可以立刻再重新发我一个。	In desperation, I called Amazon customer service. The customer service told the seller's mobile phone number, and I called the store again. After calling a few times, the phone rang and I was told that the courier was lost. You can resend me one immediately.	yes
虽然我特别生气，但是由于电脑急需要，所以也就没跟卖家多说，只要立刻发给我就好。	Although I was very angry, because the computer was urgently needed, I didn't tell the seller much, just send it to me immediately.	yes
结果，第二天打电话问，发货了吗？	As a result, I called the next day and asked, Has it been shipped?	yes
卖家说还没，下午才能发。	The seller said it hasn't been yet, and it won't be released until the afternoon.	yes
我下午又打电话问，卖家说一定发，下午五六点之后发货，结果等我晚上七点打电话，电话就没人接了。	I called again in the afternoon to ask, and the seller said that it would be shipped after five or six o'clock in the afternoon, but when I called at seven o'clock in the evening, no one answered the call.	yes
第三天上午我又打，问货发出去了吗？	On the morning of the third day, I called again and asked if the goods had been sent out?	yes
可以告诉我订单号了么？	Can you tell me the order number?	no
卖家说没发，告诉我要是着急的话让我从别家订货，要是可以等的话下午就发。	The seller said it hadn't been sent, and told me that if I was in a hurry, let me place an order from another house, and if I could wait, it would be sent in the afternoon.	no
没办法，从别家下单又要等好久。	There is no way, it will take a long time to place an order from another home.	no
就只能拜托卖家赶紧发货。	You can only ask the seller to ship the goods quickly.	no
终于在无数个电话跟踪之后，我在10月16号收到了电脑。	Finally, after countless phone calls, I received the computer on October 16th.	no
至于电脑的质量怎样，我不知道，因为是给别人买的，后期再追加评论吧。	As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because it was bought for others, so let's add comments later.	no
刚买半年没用几次，现在已经接触不良了，询问可以给修吗？	I just bought it for half a year and didn't use it several times. Now I have poor contact. Can I fix it?	yes
因为有台式机，买了之后没怎么用过几次。	Because I have a desktop computer, I haven't used it a few times after buying it.	yes
只是出差时装包里带上用几次。	It's just a few times to bring it in the fashion bag for business trips.	yes
最近发现接通电源时，不充电，需要用手左右扶几下充电器和线的连接处，才能充上电。	Recently, it was discovered that when the power is turned on, it is not charged. You need to hold the connection between the charger and the cable a few times with your hand to charge it.	yes
怀疑是接口处接触不良，不知道现在还能给修吗？	I suspect it is poor contact at the interface. I don't know if it can be repaired now?	yes
强烈建议亚马逊停用EMS ！	It is strongly recommended that Amazon disable EMS!	yes
商品五星，物流一星，平均三星。	Five stars for commodities, one star for logistics, and an average of three stars.	yes
不懂为什么亚马逊要寄EMS，业内公认的不靠谱，好嘛，电脑好歹也是贵重物品啊！	I don't understand why Amazon wants to send EMS. It is recognized in the industry as unreliable. Well, computers are valuables anyway!	yes
买后订单显示，预计20号送达，于是家里人在家等了三天！	After buying, the order showed that it was expected to be delivered on the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days!	yes
从厦门寄到福州，为什么要四五天啊！	Why does it take four or five days to send it from Xiamen to Fuzhou?	yes
22号早上查物流终于到福州了，准备开开心心收货，结果，晚上在没收到任何电话、短信的情况下，一查物流，竟然中午就被签收了，还显示的本人签收！	On the morning of the 22nd, I checked the logistics and finally arrived in Fuzhou. I was ready to receive the goods happily. As a result, when I did not receive any phone calls or text messages in the evening, I checked the logistics and was signed for it at noon. It also showed that I signed for it!	yes
我瞬间震惊了！	I was shocked in an instant!	yes
我是谁？我在哪儿？这电脑真是我买的吗？	Who am I?Where am i?Did I really buy this computer?	yes
简直怀疑人生了好么！	I just doubt life, okay!	yes
最后跑了一趟代收点才把电脑搬回来。	Finally, I ran to the collection point to move the computer back.	yes
具体原因简单说就是因为快递小哥把两个单号弄反了，好在件没丢也就算了。	The specific reason is simply because the courier brother reversed the two order numbers, but fortunately, it's okay if the piece is not lost.	no
我强烈建议亚马逊不要用EMS了，以后亚马逊如果用EMS寄的快递，我一定不会再买了。	I strongly recommend that Amazon stop using EMS. If Amazon uses EMS to send express delivery in the future, I will definitely not buy it again.	no
货还不错	The goods are not bad	yes
首先说一句刚买了几天就发现降价了，差评，本还算不错，性价比高，cpu和显卡足够应付主流网游和相当一部分大型单机了，散热非常好，但屏幕有点漏光(ips屏的通病)，音响质量不太好，硬盘不好(建议自己花点钱加个固态)，昨天拿去售后检测了一下硬件，没有任何问题，自带的win8.1不太好用，建议升级成10，卖家发货很快，各项询问回答的也很快，收到电脑第二天发票就到了，不错，可惜什么赠品都没有。	First of all, I just bought it for a few days and found that the price has been reduced. Bad reviews, this is pretty good, cost-effective, the cpu and graphics card are enough to cope with mainstream online games and a considerable number of large stand-alone machines. The heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a bit light-leaking (a common problem with IPS screens), the audio quality is not very good, and the hard disk is not good (It is recommended to spend some money to add a solid state). Yesterday, I took it to the after-sales inspection and checked the hardware. There is no problem. The built-in win8.1 is not very useful. It is recommended to upgrade to 10. The seller shipped quickly, and the various inquiries were answered quickly. The invoice arrived the next day after receiving the computer. It's a pity. There are no gifts.	yes
(顺便提一句买键盘贴膜一定不要去某宝一家叫E酷数码中心的店买，发货慢质量差，产品有问题不退不换，老板还满嘴脏话，特别曝光一下)	(By the way, don't go to a store called E Cool Digital Center to buy keyboard film. The delivery is slow and the quality is poor. If there is a problem with the product, it will not be returned or exchanged. The boss is still full of swearing, so I will expose it in particular)	yes
东西很好，平台官僚依旧	Things are very good, but the platform bureaucracy is still there	yes
硬盘质量非常好，性价比绝对高，比香港买还便宜，不急着用和可以忍受物流的话绝对推荐购买。	The quality of the hard drive is very good, the price is absolutely high, and it is cheaper than buying in Hong Kong. If you are not in a hurry to use it and can tolerate logistics, it is definitely recommended to buy it.	yes
但不得不说的是亚马逊平台之官僚依旧，与几年前我发誓绝对不用的时候没有改进，你永远查不到实际物流状况，信息永远是几个星期以后送到，永远不能投诉，就是这么官僚！	But what I have to say is that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same. It has not improved from when I vowed to never use it a few years ago. You will never find out the actual logistics situation. The information will always be delivered in a few weeks. You can never complain. It's just that bureaucratic!	yes
货收到几天了，物流信息还是10几天后你将会收到货！	It's been a few days since the goods were received, and the logistics information is still 10 days later. You will receive the goods!	yes
物流不省心	Worry-free logistics	yes
送来成这个样子，不仅包装压扁，电器包装也是开的，也不知道有没有调包。	When it was delivered like this, not only was the packaging flattened, but the electrical packaging was also opened, and I don't know if there was any transfer.	yes
FYI	FYI	yes
还没有试用，一贯信赖飞利浦，希望电池寿命比其它牌子要长一些。	I haven't tried it yet. I have always trusted Philips and hope that the battery life will be longer than other brands.	yes
上网查了，可能是进水的通病，而且没有保修。	I checked the Internet, it may be a common problem of water ingress, and there is no warranty.	yes
郁闷！	Depressed!	yes
现在裹上保鲜膜继续用，不知能用多久？	Now wrap it in cling film and continue to use it. I wonder how long it will last?	yes
买到别人拆开过的	I bought it that someone else took apart.	yes
三百多的机器要一百多的税确实比较高，看现在再六百多心里平衡多了。	A machine with more than 300 requires more than 100 taxes. It is indeed relatively high, but now it is more than 600. The balance is much higher.	yes
收到的时候封口胶条状态看着就很不对，像是拆开过，赶紧先拍了照，果然一撕就开了，打开后里面的纸板还有损坏，担心是别人退的，还没到纪念日就赶紧先给老公试试了，结果机器一点电都没有，还好刀头里面没有胡渣，要不大老远的咋退啊！	When I received it, the state of the sealing tape looked very wrong. It seemed that it had been disassembled. I hurriedly took a picture first. Sure enough, it opened as soon as it was torn. After opening it, the cardboard inside was still damaged. I was worried that someone else had returned it. Before the anniversary, I hurriedly tried it for my husband first. As a result, the machine had no electricity at all. Fortunately, there was no scum in the blade. How could I return it all the way?	yes
好不好用或者短期会不会有什么问题还未知，如前面的评价，缺货时发出的东西确实不靠谱！	It is unknown whether it will work or whether there will be any problems in the short term. As mentioned in the previous evaluation, the things sent out when they are out of stock are indeed unreliable!	yes
体验感中偏上水平	The sense of experience is mid-to-upper level	yes
差不多顶级电动了，有很多种洁牙模式，但是很少人会天天换不同模式刷吧。	It's almost top-of-the-line electric. There are many modes of tooth cleaning, but few people will change to different modes of brushing every day.	yes
用了半年没有啥问题，每天刷，差不多1个多星期一冲。	After using it for half a year, there was no problem. I brushed it every day, almost once a week.	yes
刷头配件在亚马逊买同样便宜。	Brush head accessories are equally cheap to buy on Amazon.	yes
App有点难用，除了改一下颜色那些，其他貌似兼容的问题是海外版的原因？	The app is a bit difficult to use. Except for changing the color, other seemingly compatible problems are the reason for the overseas version?	yes
希望学学大法的。	I hope to learn Dafa.	yes
性价比很高	Very cost-effective	yes
已经使用了3-4次了。	It has been used 3-4 times.	yes
1、包装完好。	1. The packaging is intact.	yes
2、使用非常简单，清洗也很方便。	2. It is very simple to use and easy to clean.	yes
3、完全可以DIY理发，省钱了。	3. You can do a DIY haircut and save money.	yes
综上，非常成功的一次购买。	In summary, a very successful purchase.	yes
有假货	There are fakes	yes
上次买了两包，居然是两种不同的版本，本来包装上左下角的字是绿色的，结果有一包就不是，是白色的字，结果猫猫吃了就拉肚子了。	Last time I bought two packs, they were actually two different versions. Originally, the words in the lower left corner of the package were green, but one pack was not. It was white. As a result, the cat had diarrhea after eating it.	yes
是亚马逊的货源是假的，还是发货时被员工掉包，我确定不了。	I can't be sure whether Amazon's source is fake, or it was swapped by an employee when it was shipped.	yes
我会再买一次，如果还是假货，我就要找你们相关人士追责了。	I will buy it again. If it is still a fake, I will seek accountability from your relevant people.	yes
是横杠的！	It's horizontal!	yes
亚马逊图片上是斜杠的，结果给我发来是横杠的，这不是骗人吗?	There is a slash on the Amazon picture, but the result is sent to me with a horizontal bar. Isn't this a lie?	yes
效果还行	The effect is ok	yes
猫猫喜欢吃，这是重点。	Cats like to eat, this is the point.	yes
也确实有效果。	It does have an effect.	yes
紧、窄，箍脚、磨脚背。	Tight, narrow, hoop feet, grind instep.	yes
不推荐。	Not recommended.	yes
1.UN是clarks最舒服的系列，可惜这款太差了。	1.UN is clarks' most comfortable series, but unfortunately this one is too bad.	yes
追加：今天对比了以前的UN系列鞋垫（鞋扔了垫留着用），材质比以前差了不少，弹性不如以前，透气也不如以前，就是假假的软。	Added: Today, I compared the previous UN series insoles (the shoes were thrown away and the pads were kept for use). The material is a lot worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before, it is fake and soft.	yes
2.我的脚背不算高，硌的部位在脚背最高处向前3公分左右。	2.My instep is not high, and the part of my ankle is about 3 centimeters forward at the highest point of the instep.	yes
3.海外购买了三双clarks，只有一双合适。	3.Three pairs of clarks were purchased overseas, only one pair is suitable.	yes
吓得我把收藏夹里的其乐都删了。	I was so scared that I deleted all the music in my favorites.	yes
回头试试rockport，不行只能去ecco实体店了。	Try rockport later, if you can't, you can only go to the ecco physical store.	yes
以次充好，品控不好	Shoddy, bad quality control	yes
首先，值得肯定的是Prime海外购Ups很给力，31号下的单6号就收到了。	First of all, it is worth affirming that Prime's overseas purchase of Ups is very powerful, and the order placed on the 31st was received on the 6th.	yes
鞋子颜色比图片好看很多，皮质感觉不错。	The color of the shoes is much better than the picture, and the leather feels good.	yes
鞋码稍大一点点，25脚长10.5宽拍的7.5W，上脚稍微有点宽松，不过平时就喜欢穿宽松一点，垫一双鞋垫刚好。	The shoe size is slightly larger, with a length of 25 feet and a width of 10.5 and a width of 7.5W, and the upper feet are a little looser, but I usually like to wear a looser one, and a pair of insoles is just right.	yes
其次，这个鞋子品控真的不敢恭维，一只鞋底胶有破损，另外一只鞋面有各种擦痕还有个针眼，鞋面与鞋底连接处胶条错位，明摆着的以次充好！	Secondly, the quality control of this shoe is really not flattering. The rubber on one sole is damaged, and the other upper has various scratches and a needle eye. The rubber strip at the connection between the upper and the sole is misplaced, which is obviously shoddy!	yes
有点后悔！	A little regretful!	yes
做活动280块买到的，这个价格买到亚瑟士相当划算，当然看评论还有更低的价格。	I bought it for 280 yuan for the activity. It is quite cost-effective to buy Asics at this price. Of course, there is a lower price depending on the reviews.	yes
现在说一下鞋子，优点：鞋子很轻，跑步挺舒服，也比较合脚，不会松松垮垮的。	Now let's talk about the shoes, the advantages: the shoes are very light, very comfortable to run, and they are more suitable, and they will not be loose.	yes
颜值很高但缺点也很明显：我一般穿40的鞋，这次买的40.5的，穿进去鞋子前端大概还有1个大拇指的距离，但是，这并不影响什么。	The appearance value is very high, but the disadvantages are also obvious: I usually wear 40 shoes. The 40.5 I bought this time is about 1 thumb away from the front end of the shoes, but this does not affect anything.	yes
这鞋很“窄”，虽然前面还留着距离，但是感觉紧紧的。	These shoes are very "narrow”, although there is still a distance in front, they feel tight.	yes
还有一点，鞋子透气可能不太好，现在穿感觉脚很热。	Another point is that the ventilation of the shoes may not be very good, and it feels very hot to wear them now.	yes
压脚背	Presser instep	yes
首先鞋子做工很好，值这个价。	First of all, the shoes work very well and are worth the price.	yes
我的脚是很标准那种，跑鞋uk7.5,eu41.5,皮鞋uk6.5,亚马逊的爱步也买过几双，从来没有出现过不合脚，但是这双我参照评论，买大一号uk7,上脚后因为大了一码长度明显偏长，但因为鞋垫太厚，还是压脚背压的厉害，加上徒步鞋非常硬，导致上脚非常难受。	My feet are very standard. Running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, Amazon's Aibu has also bought a few pairs, and there have never been any non-conforming feet, but I refer to the comments for this pair. I bought a larger size uk7. After I got on the feet, the length was obviously too long because of the size. , But because the insole is too thick, the back pressure of the foot is still severe, and the hiking shoes are very hard, which makes the upper feet very uncomfortable.	yes
如果你的脚不是特别瘦那种，不推荐购买这款。	If your feet are not particularly thin, it is not recommended to buy this one.	yes
如果一定要买，换个鞋垫也能解决，但是原配鞋垫看起来很高级的样子，不用又可惜。	If you must buy it, changing to an insole can also solve it, but the original insole looks very advanced, so it's a pity not to need it.	yes
非常完美的一次购物！	A perfect shopping trip!	yes
非常满意，非常喜欢，亚马逊海外购都是正品毋庸置疑，质量也非常好，物美价廉，买的放心，售后服务很周到，客服态度都很亲切和蔼，处理问题耐心高效，完美解决后顾之忧，配套的快递送货上门非常便捷稳妥，送货师傅很替顾客着想，每次都会提醒及时从快递柜中取货，感谢亚马逊给顾客提供如此舒适的购物体验。	I am very satisfied and like it very much. There is no doubt that Amazon's overseas purchases are genuine. The quality is also very good, the quality is low, and the purchase is assured. The after-sales service is very thoughtful, the customer service attitude is very kind and kind, the handling of problems is patient and efficient, and the worries are perfectly solved. The supporting express delivery to the door is very convenient and safe. The delivery master is very considerate of customers. He will remind them to pick up the goods from the express cabinet in time every time. Thank you Amazon for providing customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.	yes
总之，我们全家都喜欢在亚马逊海外购shopping!	In short, our whole family likes to shop overseas on Amazon!	yes
绝对差评！	Absolutely bad review!	yes
对这个代理公司和亚马逊实在是很无语。	I was really speechless to this agency and Amazon.	yes
以后电子产品在亚马逊上买还是要小心。	Be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon in the future.	yes
虽然说过去很久，但是还是要来吐吐槽。	Although it has been a long time, I still have to vomit.	yes
冬天秒杀买的，不到200，放在家几个月没用。	I bought it in a spike in winter, less than 200, and it's useless to put it at home for a few months.	yes
春天要用的时候发现和手环怎么也连不上，两个设备说明书都表示支持对方，后来发现应该是心率带的问题，因为找来其它的设备还是连不上。	When I was about to use it in the spring, I found that it couldn't be connected to the bracelet. The manuals of the two devices expressed their support for each other. Later, it was found that it should be a problem with the heart rate band, because other devices still couldn't be connected.	yes
打电话亚马逊，让我联系代理公司，代理公司让我自费把设备寄去上海检测。	Call Amazon and ask me to contact the agency company, and the agency company asks me to send the equipment to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.	yes
过了将近半个月，东西被原封原样的寄了回来，连快递盒子都是我寄过去时用的那个！	After nearly half a month, the things were sent back intact, and even the courier box was the one I used when I sent it!	yes
没有任何回复和回执以及检测报告！	There are no replies, receipts, and test reports!	yes
你好歹告诉一声，到底是好的还是坏的啊！	At least tell me, is it good or bad?	yes
打电话去问，说这样寄回来表示设备没问题，是好的。	I called to ask, and said that sending it back in this way means that the equipment is fine, and it is good.	no
但是我怎么还是连不上呢，代理公司回答：那就不是他们的事了。	But why can't I connect? The agency company replied: Then it's not their business.	no
算我倒霉，懒得为了个200块的东西被你们折腾。	I'm unlucky, I don't bother to be tossed by you for something of 200 yuan.	no
严重货不对板。	Seriously, the goods are not on the board.	yes
非常货不对板。	The goods are very wrong.	yes
头带材质很好。	The headband material is very good.	yes
比nike好多了。	Much better than nike.	yes
透气性也很好。	The breathability is also very good.	yes
只是前面那个帽。	It's just the hat in front.	yes
非常细。	Very fine.	yes
是要来逗比的么？！	Are you here to tease?！	yes
完全遮不到阳光。	It can't cover the sun at all.	yes
不退货是因为作为头带功能不错。	It is not returned because it functions well as a headband.	yes
向上戴起来虽然遮不了太阳。	Although it can't cover the sun when worn upwards.	no
但跟其他头带款式不同。	But it is different from other headband styles.	no
留着用。	Keep it for use.	no
商品质量不错，亚马逊缺乏契约精神，送货员很好。	The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks the spirit of contract, and the deliveryman is very good.	yes
本人要求周六、周日送货！	I request delivery on Saturday and Sunday!	yes
亚马逊的规定不能周六，周日送货。	Amazon's regulations cannot deliver on Saturdays and Sundays.	yes
害得我，从外地驱车200公里赶回来取货！	It caused me to drive 200 kilometers from outside the country to come back to pick up the goods!	yes
亚马逊，我如何再爱你？	Amazon, how can I love you again?	yes
送货员很积极，很热情。	The deliveryman is very active and enthusiastic.	yes
给个赞！	Give a thumbs up!	yes
商品，简单试了一下，还不错。	The product, after a brief try, is not bad.	yes
但是以前没有买过类似商品，无法比价！	But I haven't bought similar products before, so I can't compare prices!	yes
尺码 物流	Size logistics	yes
做工还可以，就是物流太慢了，以前的鞋子什么都是DHL，这次Apex真是...国内买过很多UA，价格都不低，感觉搞的比NIKE ADIDAS档次高？	The workmanship is okay, but the logistics is too slow. The previous shoes were all DHL. This time Apex is really...I HAVE BOUGHT A LOT OF UA IN CHINA, AND THE PRICE IS NOT LOW. Do YOU FEEL THAT IT IS HIGHER THAN NIKE ADIDAS?	yes
其实都一样好吧，所以海淘。	In fact, it's all the same, so Haitao.	yes
尺码：我身高176CM，68KG，我肩膀宽一般衣服都是180的，买的M，下摆略微长，其它穿了正好，我看有推荐S码的，身材那么纤细吗？还是喜欢紧身？我觉得帽衫还是宽松些好。	Size: I am 176CM tall and 68KG. My shoulder width is generally 180. I bought M with a slightly longer hem. The others are just right. I think there is a recommended S size. Is the figure so slender?Still like tight-fitting?I think the hoodie is better to be loose.	yes
大小正好	Just the right size	yes
胸围99，身高184，体重84公斤，购买前咨询了客服被告知应该买xxl的，然后看了评论果断入手L的，收货后发现大小正好，差点就被坑了。	With a bust of 99, a height of 184, and a weight of 84 kg, I consulted customer service before buying and was told that I should buy xxl's. Then I read the comments and decisively started with L's. After receiving the goods, I found that the size was just right, and I was almost pitted.	yes
双十一的价格比黑五贵不少。	The price of Double Eleven is much more expensive than the Black Five.	yes
衣服的质量非常好。	The quality of the clothes is very good.	yes
Z实惠的商品问题很麻烦！	The problem of Z affordable goods is very troublesome!	yes
18号下的单，25日才收到的货，广州到北京蜗牛的速度！	The order placed on the 18th, the goods received on the 25th, the snail speed from Guangzhou to Beijing!	yes
买的是Z实惠的商品，说明中告知有划痕，但是收到货后发现少了4个螺丝及螺母！	I bought a Z affordable product. The description stated that there were scratches, but after receiving the goods, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!	yes
孩子不愿意退货，心想问题不大，但配件这种小零件，孩子爷爷跑了附近几家五金店都没有买到！	The child was unwilling to return the goods, thinking that the problem was not big, but the small parts such as accessories, the child's grandfather ran to several nearby hardware stores and did not buy them!	yes
最后爷爷给粘上的！	In the end, Grandpa glued it on!	yes
看来以后不能买Z实惠的商品了！	It seems that you can't buy Z affordable goods in the future!	yes
玩具加工质量不好	The quality of toy processing is not good	yes
螺栓孔大部分都没对齐，上螺栓很费劲，可见加工质量不好，也不知道可以玩多长时间，因為是给孩子许诺的东西，也就不退了。	Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, and the bolts are very strenuous. It can be seen that the processing quality is not good, and I don't know how long I can play, because it is something promised to the child, and it will not be returned.	yes
其他评论中说安装不费劲的，难道只有我买的这一件存在问题？	Other comments said that the installation is not strenuous. Is it only the one I bought that has a problem?	yes
很一般	Very general	yes
难道是我运气不好？	Is it my bad luck?	yes
包装旧到不行；做工很一般；音乐只有一种而且只有8秒长度然后不断重复；动作就是摇脑袋径自往前走，没任何变化。	The packaging is too old; the workmanship is very general; there is only one kind of music and it is only 8 seconds long and then it keeps repeating; the action is to shake your head and walk forward without any change.	yes
不值这个价。	It's not worth the price.	yes
急用，就不退货了。	If you use it urgently, you will not return it.	yes
玩具质量不错，吐槽一下包装	The quality of the toys is good, let's talk about the packaging	yes
昨天收到快递，亚马逊买的，标注的是EMS运送，最后是天猫的快递送过来的，这是转了多少个弯？亚马逊和天猫关系还不错？	I received the express delivery yesterday. I bought it from Amazon. It was marked as EMS delivery. In the end, it was delivered by Tmall express. How many turns did this take?The relationship between Amazon and Tmall is not bad?	yes
再说一下包装，就是用保鲜膜包了几层，里面连个包装塑料泡泡纸都没有，打开一看，所有的零件就放在空荡荡的盒子里，还好玩具质量不错，没有坏掉的零件，就是比想象中的小太多了，因为不是带电池的，手推着经常脱轨，感觉轨道两边空隙太大，设计不合理。	Let's talk about the packaging, it is wrapped in several layers of cling film, and there is not even a packaging plastic bubble paper in it. When you open it, all the parts are placed in an empty box. Fortunately, the toy is of good quality and there are no broken parts. It is much smaller than imagined, because it is not with a battery, and it is often derailed by pushing it by hand. It feels that the gap on both sides of the track is too large and the design is unreasonable.	yes
质量好，好玩	Good quality and fun	yes
很好玩，组件精度很高，做工精致，质量跟乐高差不多了，做活动时价格十分优惠。	It's very fun, the components are very accurate, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is similar to Lego, and the price is very favorable when doing activities.	yes
拼装的过程挺有趣，我来拼，5岁儿子来玩，挺好。	The assembly process is very interesting, I will fight, and my 5-year-old son will play, which is very good.	yes
他玩得惊笑连连～以后大概会继续买这个牌子的玩具。	He laughed and laughed again and again~ he will probably continue to buy toys of this brand in the future.	yes
机子新，海淘不错	The machine is new, Haitao is good	yes
圣诞节有看了下，之前买的贵了150块钱，不过现发货比较慢一点。	I took a look at Christmas. The one I bought before was 150 yuan more expensive, but now the delivery is slower.	yes
机子还是不错的，都挺新。	The machines are still good, they are all quite new.	yes
内置的皮卡丘。	Built-in Pikachu.	yes
然后连接精灵球的话会送一个梦幻。	Then if you connect the elf ball, it will send a dream.	yes
玩起来还不错，比ps4，便携性高。	It's not bad to play, it's more portable than ps4.	yes
已经买了塞尔达，等游戏了，再试一下。	I have already bought Zelda, wait for the game, try again.	yes
生产烂货，出售烂货，结果烂货服务，买了六块手表送孩子的，其中的一快数字显示不完全，六块的时间都不一致，相差十几个小时不等。	Producing rotten goods and selling rotten goods, as a result of the rotten goods service, I bought six watches for my children. One of the numbers showed incomplete, and the time of the six pieces was inconsistent, with a difference of more than ten hours.	yes
我联系厂家问手表在入库有核对时间吗?他们回复说“有”，既然有，那为啥时间相差那么多，那肯定是手表没有精确度，简单地说就是水货产品，不是我说的难听，看嘛，很明显的质量问题（数字显示不完全）都拿出来卖，是不是垃圾货。	I contacted the manufacturer to ask if there is a check time for the watch in the warehouse?They replied "yes”. Since there is, why is the time difference so much? It must be that the watch has no accuracy. Simply put, it is a parallel product. It's not that I said it's bad. Look, it's obvious that the quality problems (the digital display is incomplete) are all sold out. Is it junk?	yes
我联系卖家，卖家说了一大堆的理由，还埋怨当初不应该买他们的东西，这样的产品，这样的卖家，这样的售后服务，以后谁还敢在亚马逊上买东西。	I contacted the seller, and the seller said a lot of reasons, and complained that they shouldn't have bought their things in the first place. With such products, such sellers, and such after-sales service, who would dare to buy things on Amazon in the future.	yes
总之我建议不要跟此卖家买东西，买了也是垃圾东西。	In short, I suggest not to buy things from this seller, it is also rubbish to buy.	yes
亚马逊发货问题	Amazon shipping issues	yes
收到货后检查发现：	After receiving the goods, the inspection found that：	yes
1、表包装严重破旧。	1. The table packaging is seriously dilapidated.	yes
2、表说明书有严重使用褶皱。	2. The table manual has serious folds in use.	yes
3、表不走，台灯充电也无发使用，无法调整时间。	3. The watch does not leave, and the table lamp is not charged or used, and the time cannot be adjusted.	yes
4、分别联系亚马逊客服，只能自费邮寄至美国，后补邮费。	4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only mail it to the United States at your own expense, and then make up the postage.	yes
5、2分的原因是客服服务还不错。	5. The reason for 2 points is that the customer service is not bad.	yes
只能说还凑合	It can only be said that it is reasonable	yes
时间不是非常准，每天约快一秒，用了才几个月已经快两分多了。	The time is not very accurate, it is about one second faster every day, and it has only taken a few months and it has been almost two minutes.	yes
以前用过一块西铁城的，感觉一两年也不会差几秒。	I have used a piece of Citizen before, and I feel that it will not be a few seconds away in a year or two.	yes
万年历功能倒是蛮不错，计时功能有点鸡肋，基本用不到，偶尔会误触进入计时模式。	The perpetual calendar function is quite good, the timing function is a bit tasteless, and it is basically not used, and occasionally it is accidentally touched to enter the timing mode.	yes
太阳能运动手表	Solar sports watch	yes
优点：太阳能充电不用担心须更换电池、具备世界时间、多种闹铃及整点提醒。	Advantages: Solar charging, no need to worry about having to replace the battery, with world time, a variety of alarms and whole-point reminders.	yes
不足：镜面容易划伤、进灰尘。	Deficiencies: The mirror surface is easy to scratch and get into dust.	yes
性价比：国内一般价格在220-300之间，海外购到手180多（用时1周左右）。	Cost-effective: The general domestic price is between 220-300, and overseas purchases are more than 180 (it takes about 1 week).	yes
很满意的手表	Very satisfied with the watch	yes
肯定是正品，去专柜验过货，表的外观很漂亮，做工精细，用料足，加上又是进口机械机芯，所以是有一定的分量的，是那些三四百所谓的机械表不能比的，这个是货真价实的。	It must be genuine. I went to the counter to inspect the goods. The appearance of the watch is very beautiful, the workmanship is fine, and the materials are sufficient. In addition, it is an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight. It is unmatched by those three or four hundred so-called mechanical watches. This one is genuine.	yes
表的走时是很准的，误差完全在可接受范围内，表的包装里有珠宝鉴定证书，表盘的12字那里是真钻石，这个自己戴很合适，作为礼品送出去也很有面子。	The timing of the watch is very accurate, and the error is completely within the acceptable range. There is a jewelry identification certificate in the packaging of the watch, and the 12 characters on the dial are real diamonds. This is very suitable for wearing by yourself, and it is also very dignified to send it out as a gift.	yes
宾利表确实不错。	The Bentley watch is really good.	yes
有史以来体验最差的一次购物	Worst shopping experience ever	yes
9月23日晚上老婆手机摔了，心血来潮立马来亚马逊订购了一台8p，有货但是不是自营的且没有加价（心里暗喜），由于不是自营的发货比较慢，系统显示预计最晚收货要到9月27日。	On the evening of September 23rd, my wife's mobile phone fell, and she immediately came to Amazon to order an 8p on a whim. It was in stock, but it was not self-operated and there was no price increase (secretly happy in my heart). Since the delivery is not self-operated, it is relatively slow. The system shows that the latest delivery is expected to be on September 27.	yes
老婆没手机用难受死了，第二天一早6点多叫我在想想办法，后来上京东一看256G有货可以当天送到，只得立马再订购一台。	My wife was so uncomfortable without a mobile phone. She told me to think of a way at 6 o'clock in the morning the next day. Later, I went to Jingdong to see that the 256G was in stock and could be delivered on the same day, so I had to order another one immediately.	yes
新的买好了，就想着马上把亚马逊的订单给取消。	After buying the new one, I thought about canceling the Amazon order immediately.	yes
由于订单是半夜下的，没可能凌晨来收快递，7点多打给客服要求取消订单，客服答复已经取消请等待短信通知。	Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it is impossible to receive the express delivery in the early hours of the morning. I called the customer service after 7 o'clock to request cancellation of the order. The customer service replied that it has been cancelled. Please wait for the SMS notification.	yes
好吧，我就耐心的等着，到了中午上手机一看，订单还在状态还处于未发货，就立马联系客服要求赶快取消订单，客服答复已经操作OK。	Well, I just waited patiently. When I took a look on my mobile phone at noon, the order was still in the state and was still not shipped, so I immediately contacted customer service to cancel the order quickly. The customer service replied that the operation was OK.	yes
到了下午3点上手机一看订单还在，没办法只能再次联系客服明确告知已经第三次来电了，请取消订单并通知卖家务必不要发货！	When I got on the phone at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I saw that the order was still there. I had no choice but to contact the customer service again to make it clear that it had been called for the third time. Please cancel the order and notify the seller not to ship it!	yes
客服在我要求下当场联系了卖家，并告知我卖家不熟悉系统，要等熟悉系统后再操作取消订单。	The customer service contacted the seller on the spot at my request and told me that the seller was not familiar with the system and had to wait for the system to be familiar before canceling the order.	yes
但是明确告诉我卖家已经知道了，绝对不会发货的请放心。	But tell me clearly that the seller already knows and will never ship. Please rest assured.	yes
等到周一我再看订单显示，竟然已经发货了，我也是无语了。	When I waited until Monday to look at the order display, it turned out that it had been shipped, and I was speechless.	yes
由于无法直接联系卖家，只能再次致电客服。	Since the seller cannot be contacted directly, he can only call customer service again.	no
后面的处理简直无语，基本都是我说一步，客服才接着操作一下。	The subsequent processing was simply speechless, basically I said one step, and the customer service continued to operate.	no
订单到目前为止还是处于派件拒收状态，正准备再次派送！	The order is still in the rejected state of delivery so far, and it is preparing to be delivered again!	no
亚马逊难道不会主动跟进下吗？	Won't Amazon take the initiative to follow up?	no
卖家公司反正也收了钱不跟进也无所谓了。	It doesn't matter if the seller's company collects the money anyway or doesn't follow up.	no
总结下以后大件绝对不会预付钱了，这个样子太麻烦了。	To sum up, I will never prepay for large items in the future, it's too troublesome to look like this.	no
看起来很美好	Looks beautiful	yes
很久以前就看中这个摄像头了，但是因为除了价格外，还有一些别的原因，所以没有购买，这次因为凑包邮，价格也还可以所以就买了。	I took a fancy to this camera a long time ago, but because there are some other reasons besides the price, I didn't buy it. This time I bought it because of free shipping and the price was OK.	yes
买来之后其他的都没什么问题，就是在软件连接的时候，怎么都连不上，我家是TP的路由器，上网查了之后发现好多人都有这个问题，弄了两个多小时，各种改路由器的设置，最后我用360WIFI作为媒介给弄好的，期间给小米客服打电话，他们对这个问题也没有什么解决方法，直接就让我联系亚马逊进行售后。	After buying it, there was no problem with the others, but when the software was connected, it couldn't be connected. My house is a TP router. After checking the Internet, I found that many people have this problem. It took more than two hours to get it. I changed the settings of the router. Finally, I used 360WIFI as the medium to fix it. During the period, I called Xiaomi customer service. They didn't have any solution to this problem, so they directly asked me to contact Amazon for after-sales.	yes
另外一点值得注意的就是我在网上看到用户的评论说，这个摄像头支持的存储卡最小是8G，存储容量更小的就不能识别，希望大家注意这点。	Another point worth noting is that I saw user comments on the Internet saying that the minimum memory card supported by this camera is 8G, and the smaller the storage capacity, it will not be recognized. I hope you will pay attention to this.	yes
用起来感觉还可以吧，画面还可以接受，但声音音质很差，机器有一定程度的发热，一直开启的话，感觉这种程度的发热有点让人难以接受。	It feels okay to use, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is very poor, and the machine has a certain degree of fever. If it is turned on all the time, it feels that this degree of fever is a bit unacceptable.	yes
综上所述，本产品还有诸多不足，希望大家买的时候要慎重。	In summary, there are still many shortcomings in this product. I hope you should be careful when buying it.	yes
之所以给3星，是因为这个是和人生的初恋买的，交往了快3年，就这样于去年离我而去了，一直到现在。	The reason why I gave it 3 stars is because this one was bought with the first love of my life. I have been dating for almost 3 years, so I left me last year, and it has been until now.	yes
之所以给3星，是因为这个是和人生的初恋买的，现在不知道用到什么程度了，或许扔掉了吧！	The reason for giving 3 stars is because this one was bought with the first love of life. Now I don't know to what extent it is used, maybe I threw it away!	yes
交往了快3年，就这样于去年离我而去了，到现在一想起她，就心痛的想要离开这个世界，人生中第一个女人，带给我一辈子的阴影和心痛，迄今还没能走出来。	I have been dating for almost 3 years, so I left me last year. Now when I think of her, I want to leave this world with a heartache. The first woman in my life has brought me a lifetime of shadow and heartache. So far, I haven't been able to come out.	yes
买这个手机的时候，想想两个当时感觉，还是能一起同甘共苦，但现在却是不堪回首，人生或许就是这样吧，有些人一辈子都不想遇到，有些事儿一辈子都不想知道，可是有什么办法呢？	When I bought this mobile phone, I thought about how the two felt at the time. They could still share the joys and sorrows together, but now they are unbearable. Life may be like this. Some people don't want to encounter it for the rest of their lives, and some things they don't want to know for the rest of their lives, but what can I do?	yes
多少次一看到三星这个手机，脑海就想起她，那种痛苦就随之而来灌满全身，我从没舍得用过超过2千元的手机，可是买给她的时候，却毫不犹豫，对一个人再好，可是有天当她变心了，所有的山盟海誓也就烟消云散了。	How many times have I seen Samsung's mobile phone, I thought of her in my mind, and that kind of pain followed and filled my whole body. I have never been willing to use a mobile phone with more than 2,000 yuan, but when I bought it for her, I didn't hesitate to be nice to someone, but one day when she changed her mind, all the vows of alliance and sea disappeared.	yes
国产品牌中的精品	High-quality products in domestic brands	yes
华为是国货中的精品。	Huawei is a high-quality product in domestic goods.	yes
低调的老总和企业，靠的是技术和质量取胜来赢得客户，这跟当下靠广告运作来提高知名度的营商风气截然不同！	Low-key bosses and companies rely on technology and quality to win customers. This is very different from the current business culture that relies on advertising operations to increase visibility!	yes
没有实力的企业根本不可能做到这样，也不敢这么做！	It is impossible for an enterprise without strength to do this, and it dare not do so!	yes
正是源于此，我才选择了华为。	It is precisely because of this that I chose Huawei.	yes
买来用了半年多了，感觉一直很好，非常不错。	It's been more than half a year since I bought it, and it feels very good, very good.	yes
之所以没有给满分，是因为有一次在用它的离线导航时，出现了不定位现象，我最终没有找出原因，其他时候都很好。	The reason why I didn't give a full score was because once when using its offline navigation, there was an out-of-position phenomenon. I didn't find out the reason in the end. Other times it was very good.	yes
而且它的在线输入好了目的地，搜索之后自动设计出路线，离开wifi出发以后，它自动离线导航的功能很实用，不用跑流量，它直接跟卫星对话来实现定位及导航，非常好！	Moreover, it enters the destination online, and automatically designs the route after searching. After leaving the wifi and setting off, its automatic offline navigation function is very practical. There is no need to run traffic. It directly talks to the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation, which is very good!	yes
索尼大法好	Sony Dafa is good	yes
索尼的这种低端机，设计感依旧十足，而且价格便宜，屏幕够大，续航力一级棒，给老人使用很合适。	Sony's low-end machine still has a full sense of design, and the price is cheap, the screen is large enough, and the battery life is great, which is very suitable for the elderly.	yes
虽然时间已经过去很久了，但这机器依旧没什么毛病。	Although time has passed for a long time, there is still nothing wrong with this machine.	yes
不过因为我的Z2下放了，所以这台手机也完成了使命。	But because my Z2 was released, this phone also completed its mission.	yes
